 Kris and Bruce Jenner each kept their own assets as part of their very amicable divorce. But has learned that there’s one thing Kris got from her marriage that his kids want her to give back — her last name! “Even though Kris is claiming that she is going to keep her last name, the Jenners want her to change it back to Kardashian, or her maiden name Houghton,” a Keeping up with the Kardashians family insider tells Radar exclusively. On Dec. 19, following the finalization of her divorce from her husband of 22 years, the 59-year-old momager told E! News she wouldn’t be changing her letterhead any time soon. PHOTOS: Kris Jenner’s Night Out: Dinner With Boyfriend Corey Gamble & Pals “We’re still family,” she insisted. “I have two kids with the last name Jenner, so I think that would be weird. Like, ‘Oh guys, I’m changing it back to Kardashian.’ I think I’m just gonna leave it alone for now …” But the family friend says, “Kris’ spiel to E! was such BS.” “The Jenner’s have already told her that she is no longer a part of their family,” the source says, referring to Bruce’s children Burt, Casey, Brandon, Brody, Kendall and Kylie Jenner. Photos: Living A Lie! How Kris Jenner Tried To Cover Up Split From Estranged Husband Bruce In fact, Bruce’s own mother, Esther, has also spoken out, saying, “I hope she changes her last name back to Kardashian.” Kris threatened to do just that on a previous episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians, but never went through with it. Meanwhile, it’s shaping up to be a happy holidays for the Jenners. Photos: Kris & Bruce: The Way They Were In Much Happier Times “Kendall and Kylie are so happy that this marriage is over, and so is Bruce’s entire Jenner family. They have wanted Bruce to be done with Kris for years now and they think that this is the best Christmas present ever,” the source claims. As Radar previously reported, Bruce “wants nothing to do with her“ now that the divroce is done. As for his kids, “The Jenners do not care what Kris does anymore. They never really did,” the family friend adds. Do you think that Kris Jenner should change her last name? Let us know in the comments below. 
