 It’s been one-year since Paul Walker died in a fiery car crash and a friend close to the late actor tells exclusively that the late actor “would be so happy to see how well his family is doing.” “Paul had his death arrangements well-planned out because of his stunts in Fast & Furious and the plan was executed perfectly,” the insider says. “That family is well taken care of.” According to court documents, the 40-year-old Fast & Furious star named his daughter, Meadow Walker, 15, as the sole beneficiary of his estate, which was valued at between $16 million and $25 million. I love you Фото опубликовано Meadow Walker (@meadowwalker) ноя 11, 2014 at 8:06 PST The teen, who now lives with her biological mother Rebecca Soteros in a home purchased by the estate, took to her Instagram on Sunday to share a baby photo with her dad, along with a caption that simply said, “I love you.” “Meadow was Paul’s life and they were extremely close, especially in the several years that she lived with him before he died,” the friend says. “Everyone was so worried about her and afraid that she would go off the deep end. But it has been quite the opposite,” the source reveals. “Meadow is a stellar student and is looking at colleges right now.” PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths His 25-year-old lookalike brother, Cody Walker, is thriving as well, having found a new talent for acting after stepping in for Paul in his last incomplete role. At the time of the actor’s death, Fast & Furious 7, which is being released in April 2015, was in the middle of production. Luckily, Cody was able to step in for final shooting, and according to the source, “The studio and cast are incredibly pleased with Cody’s performance.” “He really seemed to channel Paul and no one will ever be able to notice the difference when watching the film,” the friend adds. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young What about Paul’s parents? In August, the late actor’s mother, Cheryl Walker, filed for divorce from her husband of 30-years, Paul Walker Sr., after reportedly being separated for over 12 years. “It was peaceful separation that had nothing to do with Paul’s passing,” says the source. As Radar reported on Wednesday, Walker’s management company Luber & Roklin suffered a serious blow this week after being robbed of all of Walker’s personal and private files, according to the source. PHOTOS: 30 Celebrities Linked To Violent Deaths “When Paul died, his management suffered incredible loss because he was one of their biggest clients,” says the friend. Walker’s autopsy confirmed that he was still alive in the moments following the crash of the Porsche Carrera GT driven by friend Roger Rodas after a charity event on Nov. 30, 2013. 
