 Amidst allegations that Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star Alana Thompson‘s mother, June Shannon, is dating a convicted pedophile, Mark McDaniel, has learned that Child Protective Services in Georgia have formally opened an investigation to determine if any crimes have been committed involving her three minor children. According to an insider, Mama June has been formally notified that the Georgia Division of Family and Children Services “have opened an investigation” into her relationship with McDaniel and the nature of his interaction with her three minor children, Lauryn “Pumpkin” Shannon, 14, Jessica “Chubbs,” 17, and Alana, “Honey Boo Boo,” 8. “Social workers will be making formal contact with all of June’s children, and any other minors that might have come into contact with Mark McDaniel. This is being taken very, very seriously by the department,” a source told. PHOTOS: Sick! More Photo Proof Of Mama June’s Relationship With Convicted Child Molester — Honey Boo Boo Exposed The agency has been flooded with calls from the public, concerned about the safety of Honey Boo Boo as well as “credible sources that have contact with and know the family,” the insider added. A spokesperson for the agency told, “The Georgia Division of Family and Children Services is charged with investigating and providing support services to families who are at-risk of child abuse and neglect. Georgia law-specifically … obligates the agency to protect the privacy of children who come to its attention, and therefore, the agency is prohibited from confirming and/or denying involvement with any family.” In a Facebook video posted Friday, Mama June Shannon confirmed that TLC cancelled Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, sticking to her story that reports she was recently romantically involved with a convicted sex offender ex-boyfriend named Mark McDaniel are “untrue.” PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads “Just got a phone call this morning from TLC and as of right now there will be no more production of the show — the statement of me dating a sex offender is totally untrue,” Shannon said. “I would not ever, ever, ever, ever put my kids in danger, I love them too much.” However, after posting the video, shocking pictures emerged of Honey Boo Boo with McDaniel and Mama June looking for houses. Mama June’s oldest daughter, Anna Shannon Cardwell, 20, has confirmed that she was molested by McDaniel when she was only eight years old. PHOTOS: Celeb Moms Who Give Their Daughters A Run For Their Money “I believe [my mother] is seeing him and hanging around him,” the stay-at-home mom previously told. “I’m hurt.” Though Anna and June, 34, seemed extremely close on their heartwarming TLC reality show, the sexual abuse survivor may not be able to forgive her mother. “I think me and Mama’s relationship may well be over,” she confessed. PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals McDaniel served a ten year prison sentence for the disgusting sex crimes, and was released earlier this year. The source added, “Given Alana’s age, 8, and Mark’s time in prison, those photos are indeed recent. Obviously, June has lied about the relationship, and that is another element social workers will be looking into.” 
