
							Mother Monster, indeed. Lady Gaga preaches acceptance and tolerance, but RadarOnline.com has learned she was “extremely difficult to work with” during her recent “G.U.Y.” music video shoot at the iconic Hearst Castle, with staffers at William Randolph Hearst’s former estate even banned from talking to the flamboyant singer!
Hearst Castle became a California State Park after the publishing tycoon died, and is staffed with federal workers.
A staffer at the site told RadarOnline.com, “Lady Gaga was extremely difficult to work with during the ‘ .U.Y.’ music video shoot,” a claim other staffers corroborated.
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga Wears Four Crazy Outfits In One Day
“For three days when she was at Hearst Castle, employees were forbidden from talking to her,” the source continued.
Especially frustrating for Gaga was the fact that Hearst Castle remained open to the public during the shoot, according to insiders. Under an agreement with the Hearst family foundation, and the state parks, the Castle is never closed to the public during operating hours, even for private events or filming.
“Tons of Gaga’s fans descended onto Hearst Castle during the shoot, which posed a huge security nightmare for the staff,” an insider explains. “Everyone was extremely relieved when filming was finished.”
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga Wears Four Crazy Outfits In One Day
As Radar has reported, that was the least of the controversy she created during the shoot. Gaga, 28, utilized the iconic Neptune Pool at the famed estate, a perfect backdrop considering it offers an expansive vista of the mountains, ocean and the main house.
One source revealed that Gaga agreed to donate $250,000 to the Hearst Castle Foundation, whose mission is to help preserve and restore the Hearst Castle’s twenty five thousand artifacts, in order to have the pool filled with water from an on-site irrigation plant.
The pool had to be drained before the shoot because it was leaking 5,000 gallons of water each day.
READ Gaga’s Ex Tells Judge He Wants To See Her In Court!
However, once Gaga had finished filming, the water — earmarked to be re-used for on-site irrigation at the state park — was discovered to be unusable, a source who works at the Castle told Radar.
“The water had to be chlorinated because Gaga got into the pool with synchronized swimmers,” the insider, who asked not to be identified, said. “Since the water was chlorinated, it couldn’t be used for any of the irrigation or landscaping at the Castle. The water was simply drained and disposed of. It was a huge waste of water which is such a precious resource in California at the moment because of the draught.”
In fact, 2013 was the driest year California had experienced in 119 years.
PHOTOS:  Lady Gaga Bares Almost All In See-Through Onesie
Ironically, as a trade off, Gaga also agreed to film public service announcements educating Californian’s on how to save and conserve water!
It’s unclear if the “Poker Face” singer was aware that the water was disposed of.
“It’s just ridiculous that all of that water was just dumped out after the video shoot was finished,” said the source.
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga Brought Us Here! Queen Of Clip Views Sinks Teeth Into First YouTube Music Awards
A spokesperson for California State Parks insisted chlorinated water at “very low levels” was still “used for irrigation purposes at Hearst Castle.”
While the staffers agree that Gaga has introduced Hearst Castle to a new generation, they hope, “this won’t become a new Hollywood hot spot,” a source explained. “The Central Coast is extremely low key, and the last thing anyone wants is anyone coming up here with their Hollywood ego’s thinking they own the place!”
						