
							98 Degrees may have first introduced fans to Nick Lachey, but the 40-year-old singer is now busy with his hot solo career and promoting his new album “Soundtrack Of My Life,” which dropped on Nov. 11.
RadarOnline.com got the chance to catch up with Lachey about creating new music, expecting a baby girl with his 33-year-old wife of two years, Vanessa Lachey, and talking with his famous ex, Jessica Simpson.
Radar: What’s your favorite song on “Soundtrack Of My Life” and why?
Nick Lachey: “Falling Slowly” from the movie Once. It’s just a song that Vanessa and I kind of gravitated to. It became a little bit of a theme song for us. We actually had it performed at our wedding shower, so that one personally means a lot.
PHOTOS: Can You Believe They Ever Got Together? The 29 Oddest Celebrity Couples Of All Time
Radar: Why did you decide to do an album with all these different soundtracks?
Lachey: I knew I wanted to do a cover album, and I couldn’t think of anyone who’d ever done a cover album with soundtrack songs. So, it just seemed like a great idea. I’ve always been appreciative of the relationship between music and film and how one brings the emotion out of the other. This was a great chance to go back and pull from some of the moments in film that jumped out to me over the course of my life.
Radar: What’s your favorite movie out of all these soundtracks?
Lachey: Love Actually. I watch it at least, if not multiple times a year, at least every year around the holidays. I like movies that tug at you a little bit — I’m a little corny!
Radar: What was the hardest song to record on this album?
Lachey: “I Don’t Want to Miss a Thing,” just because Steven Tyler’s voice is so distinctive and Aerosmith has such a huge, monster hit. No one can sing like him. That was probably the one that took me the most amount of time to figure out how to do my own way.
PHOTOS: Famous Homes Where American Music History Was Made
Radar: Where is the most interesting place you like to sing?
Lachey: I think the shower. You always warm up in the shower. The steam is good for your voice, and everyone sounds better in the shower because it echoes around and makes it sound ten times better. I’m a big shower singer.
Radar: Are you working on any other albums?
Lachey: I did a lullaby album for my son [2-year-old Camden], so maybe I’ll have to get in there and do something for my daughter just so she doesn’t grow up thinking daddy is playing favorites.
Radar: You are working on a new docu-series with your brother. Why did you decide to do this?
Lachey: I’m a huge sports fan, so opening up a sports bar in Cincinnati, my hometown, was always what I wanted to do. Finally, I said, “It’s time to go for it.” And Drew and I have always enjoyed doing the reality TV thing together, so we thought it was a great opportunity to kind of document these two guys going back home to their home town, who clearly don’t much about opening a restaurant.
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
Radar: Was it hard to decide to go back to reality TV?
Lachey: Not really. I would never do the kind of show [like Newlyweds: Nick and Jessica] I had done previously. That was definitely off the table, but working with Drew and working on this type of project was never anything I was overly concerned about.
Radar: What’s your favorite part about hosting Big Morning Buzz Live?
Lachey: It’s live TV, so for me it’s the unknown everyday. Coming into work and not knowing how things are going to go or where they’re going to lead. It’s just a rush that comes with doing live television and it’s always an exciting chance to meet new people every day.
Radar: Who is your favorite person you have gotten to meet through the show?
Lachey: Spike Lee. I grew up a big fan of his movies and never had a chance to meet him.
PHOTOS: 25 Celeb Couples We’d Like To See
Radar: What was it like to interview Taylor Swift?
Lachey: She’s awesome. She’s incredibly smart and obviously very talented and very bright.
Radar: What do you think about Taylor being named the Ambassador of New York City?
Lachey: I think New York is smart to do it. You’re talking about the biggest and the hottest star in the world right now. She’s embraced the city and she obviously loves the city. I think it’s a smart collaboration.
Radar: Your son Camden is only a toddler. Does he understand that he is about to be a big brother?
Lachey: He’ll definitely say, “Baby sister in mama’s belly.” He gets that. I don’t know how much he understands that things are about to change in a big way. But he kisses the belly and knows baby sister is in there.
PHOTOS: The Shortest Celebrity Marriages Of All Times
Radar: Are you and Vanessa excited to have a little girl?
Lachey: You always hear about the relationship between a father and daughter — and as much as I love Camden, I can’t imagine loving a child more. But everyone tells me there’s just something different about having a little girl. So I’m excited to experience a different kind of love.
Radar: Do you guys have any names picked out yet?
Lachey: We do have a name, although, we are not revealing the name. We reserve the right to change our minds, but as of right now, we’re in an agreement.
Radar: How is Vanessa’s pregnancy going?
Lachey: She’s a trooper. Knock on wood, everything has been smooth sailing and the baby’s healthy and she’s healthy.
PHOTOS: Heartbreak Home: Divorced Celebs and Their Former Love Nests
Radar: What is the key to making your marriage work with Vanessa?
Lachey: You have to just make time for each other. That’s true in no matter what business you’re in. Kids start getting in the equation and it’s easy to get overwhelmed and forget to really carve out time for each other. It’s just important to do that, so we make a point to do that every week and spend at least one night a week together.
Radar: What’s the best parenting advice another celebrity has ever given you?
Lachey: It’s probably my brother honestly. His advice was, “Don’t listen to other people’s advice because you have to figure it out for yourself.” It’s true. Every parent is different, every child is different, so everyone who’s been there before loves to tell you all the things that worked for them, but there’s no way of knowing that’s going to work for you. So you have to kind of be fearless with that and figure it out for yourself.
Radar: Do you stay in touch with your ex-wife, Jessica Simpson?
Lachey: No, no. We don’t stay in contact at all.
PHOTOS: Solid As A Rock – 15 Of The Longest Marriages In Hollywood
Radar: What’s the hardest part about having a young kid and balancing your work life?
Lachey: There is no greater desire in my life than to spend time with my son. So you have to carve out time. You have to do your work schedule when you can around family. There’s no bigger crime than spending all your time on a career and missing out on the important stuff in life, which is your family.
Radar: Has Camden developed a love for music yet?
Lachey: He definitely loves music. He and I will sing together and he’ll finish my phrases and stuff. I sing his lullabies to him, so he’ll sing along with me. I just don’t know if he’s a singer yet.​
						