
							Anna “Chickadee” Cardwell won’t be silenced.
Just days after announcing her plans to pitch a Here Comes Honey Boo Boo spinoff series about her life, Mama June Shannon’s 20-year-old daughter— and the victim of her mother’s child molester boyfriend, Mark McDaniel— revealed to fans that she wants to pick up a pen and put her wisdom on paper.
“I think I’m going to [write] a book,” she posted to her private Facebook page. “Don’t know how successful I will be…but I’m going to try.”
PHOTOS: Poodle Claims He Saw Alana, 9, Getting Close To June’s Pedophile Lover
After receiving an abundance of support from friends, she seemed more confident in her decision.
“I’m [going] to start…who is ready hear it?” she wrote.
It seems her estranged sister, Lauryn “Pumpkin” Shannon, 14, objected to Anna’s new goal in a deleted post, pointing out that the mother of Kaitlyn, 2, never graduated high school.
PHOTOS: The Show Must Go On! Honey Boo Boo Cast Films After Mama June & Sugar Bear’s Shocking Split Reveal
“For one thing you don’t have to graduate to write,” she addressed her little sister, who told Dr. Phil in a shocking interview yesterday that she ended her relationship with Anna over the horrific scandal. “Stay [out of] grown folks’ business and be [a] kid which you still are…stay off my page.”
“I was just playing with you,” Pumpkin said in her own defense.
Even Mama June jumped in on the family squabble.
PHOTOS: Sick! New Photos Show Mama June With Convicted Child Molester
“When I seen the comment that Pumpkin put up I made her take [it down] immediately,” the 35-year-old mother of four said. “It’s time to work [this] out.”
As RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed in secret court documents, grand jurors accused McDaniel of “play[ing] videos depicting sexual acts for Anna Marie Shannon,” “fond[ling] the vagina of Anna Marie Shannon,” “ejaculating on the person of Anna Marie Shannon,” and sodomizing her by placing “the sex organs of the accused” into the mouth of his 8-year-old victim in 2002.
In her Dr. Phil interview, Mama June admitted hanging out with her felon ex, 53, after his release from prison last spring.
“I made a mistake,” she said. “No parent is perfect.”
Would you read Anna’s book? Sound off in the comments.
						