 Hank Baskett’s been caught! As exclusively reported last night, Kendra Wilkinson’s husband, 31, stormed out of the family’s home just one month after the birth of the couple’s baby girl— and now there’s proof. has exclusively obtained photos of the former NFL star hanging around the motel he checked into shortly after fleeing the couple’s Calabasas, Calif., mansion on Friday at 4 PM. PHOTOS: Hank Baskett Checks Into Motel After Leaving Home After speaking with a male friend and an older woman in his room, Baskett stopped back home during the night, a source tells— though it’s unknown if he remained at their gated compound. “He was having a private conversation with the man and woman at the motel,” adds the insider. Wilkinson, 29, welcomed the pair’s first daughter, Alijah Mary, last month. The couple, coming up on their fifth wedding anniversary this week, also have an adorable 4-year-old son, Hank Jr. PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control As reported, one of The National ENQUIRER’s reporters eye-witnessed Baskett speeding away from the home he shares with ex-Playboy Playmate Wilkinson in his white Jeep before landing at a local motel. “Hank was wearing a royal blue NBA shirt and long khaki shorts. He got out of the Jeep with a woman who appeared to possibly be one of the couples’ baby nurses because she was wearing a medical type uniform,” the reporter noted. PHOTOS: The 15 Most Shocking Splits Of Reality Television Couples MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
