 After 22 years of marriage, Bruce Jenner and Kris Jenner’s divorce has been finalized. And though Kris insisted she and Bruce will be friends forever, has learned that the feeling is not mutual: According to an insider, Bruce “wants nothing to do with Kris!” “Bruce is just relieved and glad it’s finally over,” a source close to the Keeping Up with the Kardashians family tells Radar. Kris, 59, has already moved on with much younger man Corey Gamble, 33, but her ex is hardly jealous. PHOTOS: How Greedy Kris Jenner Tore Apart The Kardashian Family, One-By-One Says the source, “He really wants nothing to do with Kris and her new life.” “Bruce is also glad that the divorce worked out so that he gets to keep what’s his,” the source continues. As Radar reported, Kris will have to pay Bruce $2.5 million to equalize their financial statuses as part of the divorce agreement. However, she will keep the family home, as well as three of the couple’s cars – a 2014 Bentley, a 2014 Land Rover and 2012 Rolls Royce Ghost. PHOTOS: Kris And Bruce Jenner — The Way They Were… In Much Happier Times Bruce, 65, definitely wasn’t shafted in the deal, however, as neither party will receive spousal support and he also gets to keep a 2013 Cadillac Escalade, 2011 Porsche 997 Coupe and 2007 Harley motorcycle. When the former couple split last year they released a statement that said, “We are living separately and we are much happier this way. But we will always have much love and respect for each other. Even though we are separated, we will always remain best friends, and, as always, our family will remain our number one priority.” “Bruce will continue to have a great relationship with his kids,” the family insider tells Radar, referring to Kendall, 19, and Kylie, 17, as well as his step-daughters Kim, 34, Khloe, 30, and Kourtney, 35, and step-son, Rob, 27. PHOTOS: Say What?! 18 Of Kris Jenner’s Most Outrageous Quotes As for his other children with Linda Thompson, Brody and Brandon, and son Burt, and daughter Casey with ex Chrystie Crownover, the source says, “The Jenners are celebrating because they are finally rid of Kris!” Are you glad that Bruce Jenner and Kris Jenner are finally over? Let us know in the comments below. Watch: Bruce Jenner dons a ponytail as he grabs a coffee at Starbucks 
