 Yolanda Foster is a mom first, and a housewife second. has learned that the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star has explicitly told her co-stars not to discuss her teenage daughter’s recent DUI arrest on camera because of concern it could hurt the high school senior’s chances of getting into NYU. Bella, 17, was arrested for DUI back in July, when she reportedly blew a stop sign at 4 a.m. and allegedly blew a .14 on the breathalyzer. The case is ongoing, but now, her reality TV mom does not want it to play out on air. “Yolanda has personally reached out to all of the cast members asking them to not bring up Bella’s DUI arrest on camera,” a source told. “There is concern that the arrest could hurt Bella’s chances of getting into NYU. Older sister, Gigi attends NYU, and the girls are incredibly close.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives: Best or Bust? “Of course, asking these ladies not to do something is inviting trouble!” the source noted. “It’s no secret that Lisa Vanderpump and Yolanda are no longer on friendly terms. Yolanda will shut down any attempted discussion of the arrest, but she can’t control what is said when she isn’t present!” Recently, rumors swirled that Yolanda’s marriage to music producer David Foster was on the rocks after she​ used her former married name, Hadid, for the credit’s in Lady Gaga’s G.U.Y. video. Reps for Foster denied any trouble in paradise. The Foster’s have also put their Malibu home up for sale earlier this year for a whopping $27.5 million. PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Top Tragedies Fans have seen Yolanda cooking dinners for David in the fabulous mansion, which features a custom glass refrigerator, six bedrooms, a state-of-the-art screening room, a recording studio for the musician, and stunning mountain and ocean views. And the insider insists that despite the DUI, Yolanda’s daughter has a happy home. Bella “is a really good kid who did something stupid,” the source said. “She recognizes the seriousness of her actions, and will face the consequences. It just shouldn’t have to play out on television because her mom is on a reality show.” What do you think — should the arrest be fair game for the Bravo cameras? Let us know in the comments! 
