 Seventeen years after the murder of Notorious B.I.G., a source tells RadarOnline.com that the Los Angeles Police Department knows who was responsible for the planning and execution of the rapper’s murder, but will never make an arrest because doing so would expose a pervasive cover-up of police involvement, the revelation of which would shake the department to the core. Christopher Wallace, aka, Notorious B.I.G., was murdered while riding in the front seat of a Suburban after leaving a hip hop party in the Miracle Mile area of Los Angeles on March 9, 1997. Several years after his death, Biggie’s mother, Voletta Wallace, and his widow, Faith Evans, filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the LAPD, former LAPD Officer Rafael Pérez and his partner, Officer Nino Durden, alleging that the murder was committed in “in a very efficient, organized and professional manner, suggesting that a high degree of coordination and planning preceded his murder,” according to the lawsuit. The lawsuit also claimed that disgraced former Officer Pereź, who was the central figure in one of the biggest scandals in the history of the LAPD, admitted to cops that he and former cop David Mack, “conspired to murder, and participated in the murder of Christopher Wallace.” PHOTOS: Book ‘Em! 23 Photos Of Celebs Getting Cuffed A law enforcement source tells Radar, “The LAPD Robbery Homicide unit tasked with investigating Biggie’s murder knows exactly who fired the gun, and which people were involved in the planning.” But according to the source, “There will never be an arrest made because it would rock the department to the core. There was a cover-up after the murder, which went all the way up the ranks of LAPD. This goes way beyond Mack and Pereź.” “Publicly the department will say it’s still an active an open investigation, but that is a sham,”the source said. “The LAPD barely survived Pereź’s crew and the hell they brought the upon the department. The old saying that the cover-up is worse than the crime couldn’t be more true in this case. The cover-up would put numerous current and former cops behind bars for years on charges ranging from conspiracy to fraud and making false statements.”​ There have been widespread reports that Suge Knight ordered Wallace’s murder in retaliation for Tupac Shakur‘s killing just six months earlier in Las Vegas as part of an East Coast – West Coast rap rivalry. PHOTOS: Celebrity Mug Shots As for Pereź, he was involved in the cover-up of a bank robbery, sentenced to eight years in prison for stealing $800,000 worth of cocaine from the evidence locker of the LAPD, and allegedly shot and framed a gang member, leaving him paralyzed. He also was reported to have had connections to the Los Angeles gang, the Bloods, and connections to bad boy Knight, former head of Death Row Records. It was only after he was arrested for stealing six pounds of cocaine from the evidence locker that authorities become aware of the illegal conduct of cops in the Rampart Division, when he named at least 70 cops that had engaged in misconduct in an attempt to get less jail time. More than 106 arrests were vacated because of his revelations. However, another source close to the investigation says, “Cops want to make an arrest in the Biggie case, but witnesses haven’t been cooperative, and that has been a problem from day one.” The civil lawsuit was dismissed, just days after the trial had begun, after the federal judge ruled that the detective assigned to investigate the rapper’s murder had either taken it upon himself, “or in concert with others, made a decision to conceal from the plaintiffs in this case information which could have supported their contention that David Mack was responsible for the Wallace murder.” After the family refiled the lawsuit, it was ultimately dismissed in 2010. The LAPD declined to comment stating, “There is no new information to give out.” 
