
							It is a hottest topic of conversation with reality TV viewers at the moment – will Lisa Vanderpump stay on from The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills?
Vanderpump has refused to confirm if she will return to the series after a bitter bust-up with costar Brandi Glanville at the end of the last series.
However close friend Liz Fuller, a model and actress, believes that the restauranteur must get out after the abuse!
PHOTOS: The 25 Most Loved & Hated Reality Stars
However she said Bravo TV execs will fight to keep the British star on screen – and the pay could be an important factor too.
Fuller, 34, revealed to RadarOnline.com: “If she is sensible she will leave, because she had too much. The others definitely ganged up against her.
“But I don’t think she will leave though. “She is the most important part of the show. I think it revolves around her.
The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not?
“I think she gets $250,000 a show. It is a lot of money. I love her, but I don’t think the Americans warm to her as quickly as we do.
“She is fabulous. I love seeing a British woman on the show and I like seeing it revolve around her.
“I think it would be a shame for Lisa to go. She has been at the pinnacle of that show.
“She had a hard time and I really think they all ganged up against her.”
Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs – The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows
Fuller spoke out for her pal as she attended the launch party of top Brit photographer Dawn Bowery’s book California Dreaming: Real Life Stories of Brits in Los Angeles. Award winning Bowery has shot a string of famous Brits in Hollywood at home, work and play for her first book.
Fuller said that US television execs are perhaps giving Brits a hard time.
“I think there is a backlash with the Brits right now. Simon Cowell is out, Steve Jones got pushed..it goes in cycles. We were everywhere once.”
Recently Vanderpump confirmed she would not stay on RHOBH if mother-of-two Glanville continued with her vile personal attacks.
The World According To Brandi Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes
Asked if she wanted to stay, the Bravolebrity admitted: “I don’t know right now I have to be honest. It is a tough season for me. I have got a lot going on. If it becomes about a bitch fest then it is not something I signed up for;  but if it becomes about documenting my life, which is the show I signed up for and having fun and supporting women that is something I want to do.
“But the way the show was in the end, the last episodes, that is not something I would care to repeat.”
Bravo has not spoken to her about the petition or fans’ fury at Glanville.
Neither have they confirmed details on new deals, but is unthinkable for fans that show stalwart Lisa – who has appeared in all 120 episodes – would not be on screen!
As Radar reported, newcomers Joyce Giraud and Carlton Gebbia could be  out too, but Lisa revealed no decisions have been made: “I am not signed on, and I don’t know whether I am staying and don’t think any of us do right now.
“Everyone wants to stay, but I don’t know. I have a lot to consider I am opening a new business, I will  let Bravo make the decision and offer and see where we go from there.”
						