 As each day seems to bring a new attack on the Church of Scientology, has learned that the controversial organization could be about to face their biggest challenge yet: L. Ron Hubbard’s great-grandson, Jamie DeWolf, is speaking out exclusively to Radar about his discovery of a “dark” and “twisted” secret manuscript written by his father about the church and its founder — and why Scientologists are scrambling to keep it from seeing the light of day. PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside The Amazing New Scientology Training Center The book, titled The Making of Me, by Me was written by DeWolf’s father, L. Ron Hubbard Jr., in the years before his death in 1991, and its depiction of Scientology and its founder is “disturbing,” he claims. DeWolf tells Radar, “This book has a long and tangled dark history.” Hubbard Jr. was the Scientology founder’s “right-hand man,” DeWolf explains. “And then later, they had a really violent kind of falling out that lead to this kind of epic clash of the titans in a way. He was near the end of his life [when he wrote the book], trying to flush his father out of hiding to seize the [Scientology] assets, claiming his father was either dead or had lost his mind, and was being manipulated by the people who were in power.” “He was … referencing a lot of stuff that to that point, there hadn’t been many people in Scientology stepping forward to talk about,” De Wolf says, “in terms of, what a pathological liar L. Ron had been, and the sort of crazy dark occult roots of everything. He had been banging the drum about this early on, and many people refused to believe him because it sounded so preposterous. Now, there’s all sorts of documentation that verifies it.” PHOTOS: Kirstie Alley’s 30 Biggest Scandals! ‘Insane’ Drug Abuse, Steamy Affairs, Scientology Secrets & MORE Exposed Though few copies of the explosive text remain, DeWolf found one through family members who had kept it hidden for years. “They were like, ‘Hey I thought you might find this interesting,’” he explains. “When I found it, I was pretty staggered in terms of what I was looking at. I asked them, ‘Do you have any idea of what this is?’” Calling the text “dark” and “twisted,” DeWolf says that in writing the book, L. Ron Jr. “was literally challenging [his father, the Scientology founder] to a face to face fight, in a way. He’s literally declaring in the opening pages, ‘I might not even survive to the end of this book. My father may have me murdered, but he’d call it a suicide. … I’m typing this in front of an open window with a clear line of fire. If they want to get me, come get me.’” PHOTOS: Tom Cruise & John Travolta Launch Scientology’s New $145 Million Building In Clearwater But L. Ron Jr. eventually fell short of taking his complaints against the church public, and kept the manuscript largely under wraps until his death. “I think [Scientologists] bullied him into silence,” DeWolf claims. “They probably threatened him, if he released it, and that’s why it’s never been in the world.” What is so dangerous about what lies between the book’s covers? DeWolf says, “It reduces a lot of Scientology to … its roots, [which] I think are a way of subjugating people to your will and using their confessions, hypnotizing them in a way, subjecting them to this idea of you as a Godlike creature inhabiting a form.” PHOTOS: Scientology Leader’s Niece Spills Church’s Secrets – Buckets Of Ice Dumped On Your Head For Being Late, Coerced Abortions & Manual Labor “Also, all of this black magic-type theology, which sounds utterly ridiculous to most people…sex magic and trying to rejuvenate people,” he says. “The whole veil of science, the veil of religious technology that they hold onto has always been a way of enshrouding [that theology] in something that is more believable. … He repackaged hypnotism into auditing, repackaged a polygraph into an e-meter, repackaged himself into a scientist and explorer, when he was for the most part a storyteller and hustler.” “That’s what’s dangerous about The Telling of Me, is that [L. Ron Jr.] is going for the jugular in terms of Scientology’s actual roots,” DeWolf explains. “…The true pathology of L. Ron behind it and his psychotic world view … Paranoid visions of the world. Intergalactic forces out to subjugate you. When you first start off in Scientology, you think you’re just on a path of self-improvement and this is a revolutionary form of therapy. The deeper you get, the stranger and further down the rabbit hole it goes. That’s what [Hubbard Jr.] has been warning us about, and it’s what a lot of the book is about.” “It’s this incredibly lurid account of crazy rituals invoking the great beast,” he says. “It was definitely disturbing …” The book will likely never see the light of day because of agreements the author had with the church, despite his departure. 
