 Warning — graphic language below. Could Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star Mama June Shannon be the world’s worst mom? On Friday, RadarOnline.com revealed the sick details of child molester Mark McDaniel’s repeated attacks on his then-girlfriend June’s eldest daughter, Anna Cardwell, when she was just 8 years old. Cardwell chose to confirm the assault to Radar on Friday. And now, a never-before-seen police report obtained by Radar is exposing even more about the pedophile’s horrific abuse against the innocent little girl. After hearing these claims, how could Mama June let him back into her life? The appalling allegations are laid bare in a Sheriff’s Office incident report from Spalding County, Georgia, obtained exclusively by Radar. An Officer Bauch wrote in the report that Anna had told a police officer and a child services counselor in March 2003 that “she had done the ‘s word’ with Mark.” PHOTOS: Sick! More Photo Proof Of Mama June’s Relationship With Convicted Child Molester — Honey Boo Boo Exposed “Anna then stated that Mark touches her private parts and sometimes he makes her touch his,” the report continued. “Anna advised she tells Mark to stop, but he keeps going.” The elementary school student, who first alerted a teacher to McDaniel’s shameful crimes, then went on to describe the sexual abuse in graphic detail. Radar has chosen not to publish the exact nature of the assaults. PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads According to the documents, the molestation occurred multiple times between April and October 2002. As Radar exclusively reported, McDaniel, 53, was indicted for child molestation, aggravated child molestation and aggravated sexual battery in nearby Henry County in June 2003, but the case was soon dropped. McDaniel was later indicted in Spalding County— where he and June lived in a trailer park— for rape, child molestation, aggravated child molestation, enticing a child for indecent purposes and aggravated sexual battery. PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals Grand jurors accused McDaniel of “play[ing] videos depicting sexual acts for Anna Marie Shannon,” “fond[ling] the vagina of Anna Marie Shannon,” “ejaculating on the person of Anna Marie Shannon,” and sodomizing the child by placing “the sex organs of the accused” into the mouth of his victim. McDaniel plead guilty to only aggravated child molestation in a plea deal, and was sentenced to ten years in prison. He was released in March 2014. Though June’s daughter Lauryn “Pumpkin” Shannon, 14, exclusively denied to Radar that her mother had been in touch with her pervert ex since his release, new photos prove otherwise. PHOTOS: 10 Celebrity Spawn Who Look Just Like Their Famous Mothers As we revealed, the 34-year-old mother of four, who split from longtime love Mike “Sugar Bear” Thompson, 42, in September, has been snapped appearing to house hunt with McDaniel in recent months. Even more sickening, June’s youngest daughter Alana “Honey Boo Boo” Thompson, 9, accompanied her mother and McDaniel on the trip. Because of her age, and the timing of McDaniel’s prison stay, the photos could not have been taken before his conviction. Stay-at-home mom Anna spoke exclusively to Radar about her mother’s betrayal  on Friday. PHOTOS: Celeb Moms Who Give Their Daughters A Run For Their Money “I believe she is seeing him and hanging around him,” she said. “I’m hurt.” Cardwell, 20, is now a married mom of Kaitlyn, 2. The family’s hit TLC reality show has been canceled in the midst of the scandal. Keep reading Radar for more details on the Honey Boo Boo clan’s heartbreaking crisis. 
