 After being forced out of her ritzy Beverly Hills rental home because of issues with her landlord more than a month ago, Brandi Glanville remains ‘homeless’ because no one wants to rent to the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting. Glanville, 41, and her boys with ex-hubby Eddie Cibrian, Mason, 11, and Jake, 7, have been living in a furnished place where families live between moves until she can find something more permanent, but things aren’t looking hopeful. PHOTOS: 25 Nastiest Moments Of LeAnn Rimes And Brandi Glanville’s Feud “Brandi has been desperately searching for a house she can rent in a comfortable neighborhood, but it’s not going well,” an insider told Radar. “She finds a place she likes, but then the landlord or renter realizes who she is and doesn’t want to risk the drama that comes along with her shooting the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.” Glanville expressed her frustration at finding a new place to live last week on Twitter, writing that a deal on a house had just fallen through. PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes The house the boys and I were going to get fell through today:/ You know what they say everything happens for a reason — Brandi Glanville (@BrandiGlanville) June 4, 2014 “A lot of people don’t want to rent to someone who shoots reality TV because it can disrupt the neighborhood,” the source said. “Brandi’s trying to stay optimistic, but it’s really starting to weigh on her. She wants a house for her family!” As Radar previously reported, Glanville is confirmed to film another season of the hit Bravo show. “Brandi will absolutely be back for another season,” the source told Radar. PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control “There were rumors that she didn’t want to do it anymore, or that certain cast members were vying to get her off the show, but she really loves doing it and will return.” According to the insider, Glanville is willing to pay extra for someone who will just rent to her. “She’ll do anything at this point,” she source added. “She just needs a decent home!” 
