 As Chris Brown’s latest ex Karrueche Tran continues to slam him post-breakup, has learned he’s already moved on — to Kendall Jenner! Sources close to the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star tell Radar that the model and rapper have been spending a lot of time together lately, and Jenner is thrilled. “Kendall has thought Chris was hot for years now and has always idolized him,” the insider says. Part of the attraction? “Kendall conveniently latches on to whomever can make her more famous and she is game for anything that will get her the most exposure,” the source explains. PHOTOS: Lingerie, Lube & Another Sex Tape? The Kardashians’ 20 Most Cringe-Worthy Sex Confessions EXPOSED! But she has an uphill battle ahead. “Chris looks at her like a little girl,” the source explains, “but she does everything to make herself appear to be a woman.” On Tues., the 19-year-old runway model shared a photo on her Instagram at a Washington nightclub with BFF Hailey Baldwin, 18, captioned, “twinning and we didn’t even have to try.” A photo posted by Kendall Jenner (@kendalljenner) on Dec 12, 2014 at 3:00pm PST After pal Justin Bieber, 19, shared a photo at the same club with Brown, captioned, “Had fun with the homey @Chrisbrownofficial,” rumors started to fly that the it was a double-date. A photo posted by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Dec 12, 2014 at 3:01am PST The insider tells Radar, “Kendall tells her sisters that they are not hooking up, but they would NEVER be okay with Chris Brown dating their little sister. No one would.” On Dec. 5 during Power 106’s Cali Christmas Concert, where Brown, 25, famously dissed his on-again, off-again ex Tran by telling the crown “f**k that b***h” he posted a photo on his Instagram account of Jenner sitting on his lap, which has since been deleted. “Chris knows that Karrueche cannot stand Kendall and it really pissed her off when she saw her sitting on his lap,” the source says. “Why do you think Kendall is best friends with Justin Bieber and only hangs out with supermodels?” PHOTOS: Destroyed By Mom! How Greedy Kris Jenner Tore Apart The Kardashian Family, One-By-One – In 16 Clicks “She is a smart girl and everything she is doing right now is for her own selfish gains,” the insider adds. “She doesn’t realize that her reputation as being a starf****r is actually only going to hurt her in the long run.” Do you think that Kendall Jenner and Chris Brown make a good match? Let us know in the comments. 
