
							Even as Hollywood couples go, 81-year-old billionaire Donald Sterling and 31-year-old Instagram enthusiast V. Stiviano were an odd match. But although both sides have insisted theirs was not a typical sugar daddy relationship, RadarOnline.com has learned that a new secret audio recording is being shopped that blows the lid off of their bizarre relationship, and just what each of them was getting from it.
In the tape, which has been reviewed by Radar, Stiviano and Sterling are heard arguing during what was supposed to be a lover’s getaway to the Caribbean island of Turks & Caicos.
An angry Sterling can be heard yelling at Stiviano about millions allegedly missing from his bank account, while Stiviano attempts to sweet talk him, insisting anything she was received — including her luxury apartment — was part of her monthly allowance from the Los Angeles Clippers owner.
PHOTOS: 25 Stars Who Have Been Brutally Busted In Big Lies
Refusing to listen to her excuses, he erupts and calls her “a lying pig,” insisting he will “destroy her.”
Unfortunately for Sterling, the opposite turned out to be true after Stiviano leaked a recorded conversation that caught him in a disturbing racist rant.
This new tape — currently being shopped to media outlest — was recorded with Sterling’s permission and cooperation, Radar has learned, but Stiviano was unaware she was being taped.
PHOTOS: Vanessa Stiviano Shows Off Gifts Shes Received From Donald Sterling
The latest in an ongoing deluge of such explosive recordings, it sheds new light on the couple’s twisted relationship, which looks like it could end up costing Sterling everything.
As Radar has reported, he insists he will refuse to sell the Los Angeles Clippers in the wake of his lifetime NBA ban and $2.5 million fine from Commisioner Adam Silver.
Radar has also learned that the NBA is currently investigating Sterling’s wife and co-owner, Shelly, as well, over claims she too indulged in racist behavior.
PHOTOS: Happy Trails Donald! A Look At Sterling’s Potential Successors At The Helm Of The Los Angeles Clippers
Meanwhile, the team is being run by interim CEO Richard Parsons, who isn’t without his own share of scandal: As Radar reported, he fathered a secret love child with a model back in 2009.
						