 Diva, alert. Jail bound reality stars Teresa and Joe Giudice proved some things never change when the pair went out for a cheerful dinner in Hasbrouck Heights, N.J. at the weekend, stunning fellow diners with their lewd antics and even stiffing a waitress out of a measly 25-cents on a $200 bill! The “Real Fraudwife” and her legally challenged Real Housewives of New Jersey costar husband joined a group of pals at Bananas Comedy Club on April 25, just months from learning what sentence they will face on nine counts of mail, wire, bank and bankruptcy fraud. On her arrival, “Teresa went up to the owner and told her that she didn’t want to be seated where people were going to bother her,” one eyewitness dished to Radar. READ: The Jaw-Dropping List Of The Giudices’ Debts The owner asked, ‘Do you want to sit in the back?’ to which the Bravolebrity replied, in a huff: ‘Do you know who I am!? I’m a celebrity!’” Clearly not impressed with their star status, the owner flatly responded, “No.” GALLERY: The Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Fraud & Finances “Once inside, Teresa sat with a menu covering her face for a little while. She didn’t even look at the waitress. Her friends ordered her cosmos for her,” our onlooker added. And “Juicy Joe” wasn’t any better. “Her husband was rude,” said the spy-witness. “He ordered a drink and when the waitress set it down, he snapped at her asking, ‘Where’s my straw?’ When she returned with a straw and he just grabbed it out of her hand, with no regard for her.” PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Have Filed For Bankruptcy The final insult, however, came at the end of the night. “When the check was delivered, Teresa’s friends paid it… the Giudices didn’t even go into their pocket,” said the source. “The best part is that the check was $201.25 and they gave the waitress $201.00 and told her that they didn’t have a quarter. I will mention that 18% gratuity is included. Thank God, or the waitress would have been screwed!” PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Have Filed For Bankruptcy The nonsense continued at the bar next door, Gabriel’s, according to the witness. PHOTOS: Teresa & Gia Giudice Attend A Bat Mitzvah “For somebody that didn’t want people to bother her, she and her crew stayed at the bar and were loud. I heard her friend say, ‘Ewe, it smells, Teresa farted!’ Teresa replied, ‘No I didn’t, do you want to smell my asshole?’ It was a classless performance!” 
