 In the days before Kendra Wilkinson reportedly kicked Hank Baskett out of the house amid rumors he had hooked up up with a transsexual, has exclusively learned that according to the woman, Hank Baskett was trying desperately to make sure his family never found out the truth about his alleged affair. In a revealing new interview with, via The National ENQUIRER, the transsexual at the heart of the scandal claims that Baskett scrambled to keep her from dishing about the affair, calling her incessantly — and even offering her cash. In the weeks after Baskett and the woman, Ava Sabrina London, allegedly hooked up, she claims he became so paranoid that he incessantly called her with desperate pleas to stay quiet, and even told the video model he’d do anything he could to get her $5,000 from his joint banking account he shares with his reality star wife! PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions “At the end of May when Hank and I started talking, the conversations were more about … if my friend had taken a picture of him and he was trying to figure that out,” London claimed during an exclusive sit-down interview with. “He was calling me a lot because he had heard that a story was going to be coming out and he had thought my friend had said something or took a picture of him while he was at my house.” “He knows that I’m the only tranny he’s been with and I reassured him that I wasn’t the one that put the story out,” she added. As has reported, the one-time NFL star, who’s approaching his five-year wedding anniversary with Wilkinson on June 27, allegedly contacted London after watching her sexy YouTube videos online. PHOTOS: The 28 Biggest Sex Scandals In Hollywood History From there, she claimed, they set up a date to meet at her Sherman Oaks, Calif. condo, where things allegedly got hot and heavy fast, with former football player giving – and receiving – a handjob from his mistress, who was born a man. But Baskett wasn’t convinced his dark secret wouldn’t get leaked, and so London claims he promised her thousands of dollars in an effort to shut her up. “Hank offered me $5000 so that I wouldn’t speak to the media,” she claimed. “Hank was worried because he didn’t want anyone to find out about the sexual encounter that we had.” PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! Only, getting access to that kind of cash wouldn’t be easy, London says he insisted. “He told me he and Kendra shared a combined account and it that it would take him a year to give me the $5,000,” she claimed, “but I didn’t take the money.” But London may already have received at least one payday. After their first sexual encounter in April, she says Baskett gifted her about $500. And on June 4, just two weeks after his wife gave birth to their baby girl, Alijah Mary, Baskett drove to London’s home to give her $2,000 in cash that he left in a coffee cup by her pool as a good faith financial gesture to make her keep his secret, she claims. PHOTOS: Sex Tapes Celebs “It’s made me really nervous and I’m really not the one even talking, he’s doing all the talking and he just wants for me to be on his side and to help him, you know, prepare for what’s going to happen,” she said of their conversations. Baskett, she said, was beyond distraught about the idea of the tryst tearing his family apart. “We never talked about his family up until the end,” London said. “Hank was saying that this was going to ruin his marriage and that he didn’t want to lose his kids.” PHOTOS: Sports Sex Scandals But despite the drama that’s unfolded over the shocking sexual allegations, London says she hopes Baskett’s infidelity won’t end his marriage. “I’ve told Hank that I think that he did make a bad decision by seeing me when he did before his daughter was born,” said London. “But I think I do want him and his family to be together and I don’t think this will end the relationship and I hope it doesn’t.” WATCH London’s latest shocking interview: MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
