 Selena Gomez walked the streets of New York City on Wednesday afternoon, braless, and a top Los Angeles doctor exclusively tells that Justin Bieber‘s on-again-off-again flame “appears to have had a breast augmentation.” Dr. Jonathan Shifren of the WAVE Plastic Surgery Center speculates that Gomez had the operation recently. PHOTOS: Selena Gomez Dines Out In NYC “It appears that Selena has had a breast augmentation. The breasts appear fuller and you can see the outline of the upper portion of the implant,” Shifren, who has not treated Gomez, said. “They tend to sit high on the chest wall in the immediate post-operative period. My imprint from the picture is that she had the operation fairly recently.” Gomez was photographed on Wednesday in a sheer black top where she was noticeably braless, and her breasts were noticeably fuller than in the past. PHOTOS: Justin Bieber Parties In His Weed Bunker On Wheels With Selena Gomez “My guess would be that she had something in the 350-400 CC size range. The quality of the surgery is hard to asses being that the patient is clothed and it is too early to evaluate the final results,” Shifren told. “However, at this early point in her post-operative recovery, the implants are sitting high on the chest wall. We would expect that with time, they will drop into their proper position.” Recently ditching pals Taylor Swift, and Kylie and Kendall Jenner over drama with Bieber — it now seems Gomez has also lost her best and oldest friend, Demi Lovato. PHOTOS: Selena Gomez’s Grandparents Share Her Intimate Childhood Photo Album Lovato, who starred with Gomez, 21, in the children’s show Barney & Friends when they were just tots, stopped following the troubled “Come & Get It” starlet on Twitter on July 2. Perhaps Gomez is wiping her past clean and starting over — a transformation that includes new breasts. “In addition to wanting their breast to be larger in volume, patients often seek breast augmentation to improve the overall shape of their breasts, achieve greater symmetry between the two breasts, or to achieve greater balance to the overall proportions of the body,” the plastic surgeon noted. PHOTOS: Justin Bieber And Selena Gomez Relax Pool Side in Mexico “As it is still early in the post-operative recovery, I would imagine that the final result will fit with the overall proportions of [Selena’s] body.” What do you think of Selena’s new look? Sound off in the comments below . . . 
