
							Is the Kardashian brand krumbling?
The infamous family’s Las Vegas boutique, Kardashian Khaos, will close its doors for the final time on October 30— and now, a respected fashion journalist is slamming Sears’ Kardashian Kollection in a hot new book.
After giving Kourtney, Kim and Khloe’s line of jeans, dresses, tops and shoes an initial grade of C- while visiting a New York Sears department store in 2012, Teri Agins revisited the brand’s display in the Yonkers shop a year later.
PHOTOS: Kim Brings The Sexy Style To Sears In Kardashian Kollection Spot
“It was only a couple weeks into September, and the new fall merchandise in the Kardashian Kollection looked untouched,” the Wall Street Journal writer says in her new book, Hijacking the Runway: How Celebrities Are Stealing the Spotlight From Fashion Designers. “On practically every rack, there were signs that said 50% OFF.”
It didn’t take long for Agins to understand why the reality sisters’ fans weren’t flocking to Sears.
“I rifled through the racks and pulled out a leopard V-neck dress with skinny straps that was a mini in the front and dipped down to floor length in the back,” she writes. “The print looked rubber-stamped on, and the fabric was full of static and thinner than a negligee; it had the quality of a cheap Halloween costumes.”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Digitally Altered To Look Skinnier In Post-Baby Photoshoot: ‘It’s Easy To Shave Off 20-30 Lbs,’ Expert Reveals
The $32.99 dress was knocked down to $9.99.
After trying on a $72.99 black jacket with leopard trim, Agins was disgusted.
“Even if it had been for a Halloween costume, I would have rejected it as too tacky,” she huffs.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s Style Secrets Revealed
Compared to her previous ho-hum visit, “there appeared to be more merchandise…but the overall quality had clearly gone downhill— with paper-thin fabrics, washed-out colors, shapeless silhouettes,” Agins says.
Sears declined to give Agins a comment on the sales performance of the brand.
						