
							The next season of the Real Housewives of Atlanta doesn’t even premiere until November 7, but explosive drama is already unfolding between the Georgia ladies. After Cynthia Bailey accused Phaedra Parks of cheating on her husband, Apollo, with a mystery “African man named Chocolate,” Parks’ camp is hitting back, telling RadarOnline.com it’s all lies!
Bailey made the shocking claim in a preview of the upcoming season of RHOA, saying “Phaedra is having an affair with some African man named Chocolate.”
But Parks rep, Steve Honig, told Radar exclusively, “Phaedra has been a completely faithful wife. She doesn’t know any men named Chocolate.”
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
He joked, “I did hear she had her eyes on a guy named Pistachio but it didn’t work out because he was nuts.”
But that doesn’t mean the season will be scandal-free. For the first time, fans will see behind-the-scenes footage of Parks and Nida’s marriage unraveling as he prepares to start his eight-year prison sentence on fraud charges.
In a trailer for the upcoming season, Nida can be seen telling pal Peter Thomas, “She’s having an affair with some guy.”
PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots!
Just to stir things up, Kenya Moore later confronts Phaedra to her face about the allegations during a dinner, and fists start to fly.
The former beauty queen tells the lawyer that Chocolate is the man she has “been sleeping with.”
Later, with tensions running high, Phaedra and Apollo get into a huge fight while the cameras are rolling.
PHOTOS: Beautiful Celebs Who Have Been Cheated On
And that’s just for starters. Said one source, “This season of RHOA will be the most explosive yet. Producers couldn’t have scripted this stuff; it’s that good. Viewers are in for a lot of dramatic twists and turns!”
Check out the new season of RHOA, when it returns to Bravo on Sunday November 9 at 8/7c.
						