 Just days after’s exclusive report about new claims Michael Jackson had anally raped Wade Robson, the former child star and choreographer opened up about the allegations in a heartfelt Facebook post. As Radar reported, documents filed by Robson’s attorneys in the ongoing molestation case demanded Jackson’s estate admit that the deceased King of Pop introduced a seven-year-old Robson to pornography, forced him to pose “naked, with his knees and palms extended like a dog on all fours,” and even anally raped him. Referencing Radar’s world exclusive, Robson wrote on Facebook, “This article contains some of the details of my child sexual abuse. It was not the plan for this info to be made public, but now that it has, I am sharing it because it is important for these ‘uncomfortable’ topics to be talked about in society.” PHOTOS: Shocking Evidence Found In Michael Jackson’s Bedroom He continued, “One in four girls + 1 in 6 boys are sexually abused before they are 18. We must face these facts and learn to prevent them in any way we can. Silence perpetuates abuse.” That said, Robson revealed that he has experienced a groundswell of support for his case since the disturbing allegations were made public on Radar. “I am immensely moved by this incredible outpouring of support,” he wrote. “Thank you to family and friends. It means a lot to me. And it means a lot to all survivors. Love +Aloha, Wade.” PHOTOS: Not Convincing Enough? Look At The Evidence That Didn’t Sell The Jury In Michael Jackson Death Trial But even if his supporters believe his claims, as Radar has reported, Jackson’s estate is vowing to fight the allegations to the finish. The attorney for the estate, Howard Weitzman, told Radar “There have been no settlement discussions with Mr. Robson, nor do we anticipate any taking place.” In fact, the estate has asked a judge to reject Robson’s molestation claim against the late singer, because he supposedly waited too long to file. For his part, Robson has said he should have been served a notice of the administration of the estate when Jackson died. Story developing. 
