 ‘Homeless’ again? Just when Brandi Glanville thought she’d finally found a house for her and her boys to lease in the Valley, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the deal fell through over the weekend. PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star was eager to sign paperwork for a home in Encino, Calif. last week following a more than month-long search for somewhere to lay her head after her lease ran out in May on the home she’d been previously renting. PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As . . . On June 11 Glanville, 41, tweeted that she’d be signing a lease on a “beautiful new home.” Excited about my day!Last day of school for the boys,signing the lease on or beautiful new home WOOHOO &hanging with @PeterMarkSalon — Brandi Glanville (@BrandiGlanville) June 11, 2014 “She was hopeful, but the house didn’t come through,” an insider told Radar. “It’s really starting to wear on Brandi! She just wants to have somewhere to call her own, even if they’re just renting. At least it’s stability for her boys.” PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget As Radar previously reported, Glanville is having trouble finding a place to lease because no landlord wants the “drama” that comes along with renting to someone on a reality TV show. Brandi has been desperately searching for a house she can rent in a comfortable neighborhood, but it’s not going well,” an insider told Radar last week. PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives “She finds a place she likes, but then the landlord or renter realizes who she is and doesn’t want to risk the drama that comes along with her shooting The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.” So the search continues! “Brandi isn’t giving up,” the source said. PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! “She has tons of prospects, it’s just a matter of which one will come through . . . quickly!” 
