 Robin Williams didn’t just lift spirits onscreen — he was a do-gooder who continually left smiles on people’s faces in real life every day. One such person who was forever changed by Williams was Isabelle Morin, a cancer survivor who filmed a commercial with the actor in 2006 — and her mother exclusively tells that he was a “great inspiration” to her daughter. “My daughter Isabelle filmed a commercial with him and they danced for hours as he joked and made her laugh all day,” Teri Morin told. “Robin Williams was very kind-hearted and an incredible soul. He was also a warrior for the kids of St.Jude Children’s Research Hospital.” PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died Isabelle did a national commercial for St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital’s Thanks and Giving Campaign and she’s now 13-years-old and cancer free. Williams was extremely generous with Isabelle — even giving her his personal RV script in which he included a personal handwritten private note to Isabelle, something she tells she wants to keep private. “Robin surprised her at the end of the day of shooting with his personal RV script and he also wrote her a personal note with the script,” Teri says. “The script inspired her so much. He was so generous, kind and full of laughter.” PHOTOS: What Happened Here? Celebrity Deaths That Remain A Mystery So inspired by the actor gone too soon, Isabelle wants to try her hand in the acting world. “I can tell you that he was a inspiration to her to try acting and she has a special memory of him,” Teri told. “We are as heartbroken as the rest of the world.” If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).Was The Pressure Too Much? A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report 
