 Everyone’s talking about Bruce Jenner’s recent transformation – including his former sister-in-law! And though Bruce’s ex Kris is reportedly embarrassed by his recent style choices, her sister Karen Houghton tells exclusively that she’s glad he’s finally letting his true self emerge. “I just look at it like whatever turns him on,” Houghton told Online. “Maybe he’s just doing what he wants to do and doesn’t care what other human beings think.” Most recently, the Olympic legend showed off brightly manicure tips while cruising through Los Angeles last month. In recent weeks, he’s also been spotted wearing a girdle, sports bra, and with longer locks. PHOTOS: Hairy Situation? Bruce Jenner Emerges With Wedding Band In Tact But No Body Hair! See The TRANSformation! Although Houghton claims she didn’t notice anything sexually suspicious during her sister’s 23-year marriage to the once-macho triathlete, she admitted his apparent transformation is “bizarre.” “He was always so nice and built [my daughter] toys. I had no idea!” she added. “I’m sure my mom knows what’s going on and Kris has told her things,” she said of her and Kris’s mother, Mary Jo Campbell, who’s appeared alongside the Kardashian matriarch many times on Keeping Up with the Kardashians. “But I’m sure it’s embarrassing to talk about.” PHOTOS: Quite The Support System! Bruce Jenner Dons Sports Bra While Out To Lunch With Daughter Kylie This isn’t the first time Bruce has flaunted a more feminine façade. It’s been rumored for years that the 65-year-old is going through a feminization process and he’s only fueled the headline fires as photos of the ponytail-loving dad have surfaced of him with larger breasts, after he underwent Adam’s Apple surgery. Bruce said, “I just didn’t like my trachea.” As exclusively reported by, Kris filed divorce documents ending their on-screen dynasty in September citing irreconcilable differences and has apparently been “in shock” about how he’s changed in recent weeks. Though he was reported to be dating her best friend, Ronda Kamihira, sources told that was just a storyline for the show. “I don’t think Kris really cares [what Bruce does],” said Houghton, whose reality mom sis is already moving on herself – with Justin Bieber’s manager Corey Gamble. PHOTOS: New Shocker: Bruce Jenner Appears To Wear Spanx For Golf Outing SEE The Jaw-Dropping Photos And Houghton, who met Kamihira at a couple parties and described her as “all right,” thinks she has ulterior motives. “She’s just looking for the limelight. She just wants to be famous …” she said. 
