 It’s been just over three weeks since Kendra Wilkinson kicked Hank Baskett out of their Calabasas, Calif., home, amid RadarOnline.com’s reports that he had cheated on her with a transsexual. And though Wilkinson seems to have thrown in the towel on their relationship, it appears Baskett isn’t ready to give up just yet. RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that despite the ongoing drama, he’s been spotted flaunting his wedding ring! Baskett proudly flashed the simple band on his left ring finger during an appearance at the RTX 2014 event, an Internet gaming convention held in Austin Texas, from July 4 through 6. Excited fans shared snaps of the star on Twitter: DAT @TheHankBaskett tho pic.twitter.com/5mNFi1QdEt — El Oshcuro (@DaveOshry) July 5, 2014 Yup met @TheHankBaskett pic.twitter.com/yck1WwqGWr — AJ Turbo D (@TheTurboShow) July 5, 2014 We met Hank Baskett @RTXevent Thank you @CommanderBanton for taking the photo now I know I kept closing my eyes ! pic.twitter.com/PqYi78jMKy — NaanSee (@_NaanSee) July 9, 2014 Meanwhile, back in L.A., Wilkinson — who was alleged to have flushed her ring down the toilet amid reports of his affair — has not been spotted wearing her ring since the scandal broke. Only Radar had the world exclusive video interviews with the transsexual woman who claimed to have had an X-rated encounter with Baskett back in April. According to model Ava Sabrina London, the two shared a steamy sex romp at her Sherman Oaks, Calif. home on April 21. “Hank and I gave each other hand jobs and he played with by breasts,” London said in an exclusive interview. PHOTOS: Cheaters Gallery She also told Radar he’d gifted her several hundred dollars after their tryst, and offered her even more in an attempt to keep her quiet about their alleged affair. Most recently, moving vans had been spotted at Wilkinson and Baskett’s gated community on June 27, sparking speculation that Baskett was out for good. And according to new reports, the couple plans to air their marriage drama on a new reality show. Do you think Wilkinson and Baskett will work through the scandal? Or should they split? Let us know in the comments! MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
