 After parting ways with alleged mistress V. Stiviano following a racist scandal that had Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling banned from the NBA, has exclusively learned the identity of his new girlfriend — including her ties to Stiviano and Rob Kardashian, among other high-profile celebs. The woman pictured with Sterling, 80, on a romantic trip to Palm Springs, Calif. and all over Los Angeles, is Louisiana born fashion designer and owner of Raquel’s Closet and the FiFi LeRoux Collection, Raquel Lee. PHOTOS: Donald Sterling’s New Girlfriend Is Mistress V Stiviano’s Former BFF!  But interestingly, has learned that Lee and Sterling’s former mistress, Stiviano, used to be very close friends and less than a year ago Stiviano even called Lee her “BFF for life.” Scattered across Lee’s Instagram page are photos of the two women together, sharing birthdays and walking various red carpets together. “Happy bday to one of my best friends!” Lee wrote on one photo with Stiviano last October. “I love you and enjoy your day!” PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! According to a source from Styleitrich.com, Stiviano and Lee used to be best friends. “They were friends for a very long time,” the insider said. “V even took Raquel to the Grammy awards as her guest one year.” PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions As exclusively reported, Sterling was spotted on a romantic getaway in Palm Springs with several new women — and one of the photos confirms Lee was with him, thanks to a selfie the fashionista took at the pool. The photo obtained by here, shows a woman next to Sterling that turns out to be Lee, seen in her selfie below: In fact, Lee posted several photos on her Instagram account of her trip to Palm Springs — but never once mentioned Sterling. But the shamed Clippers owner and Stiviano aren’t Lee’s only connections to Hollywood. According to Lee, Rob Kardashian babysat her nephew at one point. “#tbt #RobbieK he’s so nice, he kept my nephew for me one day. And he loved him!” Lee captioned the below photo with Kardashian. According to Lee’s profile on BrandYourself, she’s been heavily involved in the entertainment industry and has styled notable names such as Destiny’s Child‘s Michelle Williams, actress Megan Good and former reality TV star Tila Tequila. “From childhood she was drawn towards fashion and entertainment and shortly after moving to Los Angeles around 2001 she found success as a model and entertainer. She went on to star in several music videos, shoot with amazing photographers, as well as earn ‘Beauty of the Week’ Honors in Jet Magazine. Raquel has also recorded several songs with noteworthy and platinum selling producers and is a promising talent,” the biography states. “She has created Red Carpet designs for Megan Good, Michelle Williams (of Destiny’s Child), and Tila Tequila to name a few.” What do you think of Sterling’s latest gal pal? Sound off in the comments below… 
