 Kourtney Kardashian won’t be keeping up with the Kardashians when it comes to having kids. Though her mom Kris Jenner topped out at five children, has learned that Kourtney and baby-daddy Scott Disick have decided to call it quits at three. “They are totally in love with their new little boy but they said that they are done having any more children,” an insider tells Radar. “Kourtney is actually looking into getting her tubes tied as soon as she can.” On Dec. 21, the new mother took to her Instagram to share the newborns son’s name, Reign Aston Disick, along with the caption, “Madly in love with my little Reign Aston Disick” Madly in love with my little Reign Aston Disick. Una foto publicada por Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) el Dic 12, 2014 at 8:36 PST Although Disck, 31, and Kardashian, 35, have yet to share a face photo of the infant, Radar reported that there is currently a bidding war between several media outlets over the baby’s first photo. ”Scott could not be any happier right now that he has two sons and a baby girl,” the pal says, referring to the unmarried couple’s 5-year-old son, Mason, and Penelope, 2. “He has told Kourtney it’s a man’s house now and [she and Penelope] are totally outnumbered.” “They are so blessed to have healthy, wonderful children but they just cannot handle any more kids right now. They need to hire extra help because Kourtney wants to get back to work,” the source explains. PHOTOS: Toxic Love: 25 Incidents That Rocked Kourtney Kardashian & Scott Disick’s Relationship In the past several months, the couple have been plagued by relationship issues following Disick’s unsuccessful attempt at getting sober after being hospitalized for alcohol poisoning this past summer. However, the insider tells Radar, “Scott has not had a drink in weeks now. Seriously.” Do you think that Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick should have more children? Let us know in the comments below. Watch: Kourtney tries to talk to Scott about what she should do with his parents’ things 
