 Amid new claims that Todd Chrisley is gay, only has the details on the sex secret he’s been hiding for years: According to court documents, he was sued for sexual harassment after allegedly asking a male employee to engage in a sex act with him! READ The X-Rated Sexual Harassment Suit From A MALE Employee According to court documents obtained by Radar, Chrisley was by three former employees of his company, Chrisley Asset Management, in January 2010. The group alleged that he regularly “commented on the size of his penis, invited male employees to ‘jerk off’ with him in the restroom, inappropriately touched employees, and routinely made sexual gestures toward his subordinates.” Chrisley was first sued for sexual harassment in 2009, as Radar previously reported, and the case was settled. But after that, some employees alleged, those who had spoken out about the “specific examples” of his alleged harassment were summarily fired “as a direct result of the information they provided.” According to the documents, the Plaintiffs claimed Chrisley once “asked [a male employee], in front of other employees, to join him and another male co-worker in the restroom to ‘jerk off.'” PHOTOS: Paid For Doing Nothing? 16 Reality Stars With TV’s Highest Salaries He also routinely called female employees “sluts” and “prostitutes,” according to the documents, and asked one female employee if here “tits were real.” She happened to be a breast cancer survivor who had had a double mastectomy. In short, the documents claim, “Chrisley’s actions heavily influenced the work environment such as employees were encouraged to engage in similar sexual remarks and lewd acts in the office. Employees, including the plaintiffs, were made to feel afraid to complain about the offensive sexual behavior for fear they would lose their jobs in those tough economic times.” When they were later fired, the documents allege, it became clear that their “fears were justified.” PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Have Filed For Bankruptcy He later settled the case. As Radar reported, Todd’s troubled son Kyle has accused him of being gay. Story developing. 
