 Kelly Clarkson has never been happier — the former American Idol winner is finally a mother. After making an early announcement of her pregnancy in Nov. 2013, the “Since U Been Gone” singer remained virtually hidden from the public eye — aside from a televised Christmas special in Dec. — and was said to have gained a substantial amount of baby weight which an insider exclusively tells Radar Clarkson is in “no hurry” to shed. PHOTOS: Celeb Moms Who Give Their Daughters A Run For Their Money “Don’t get me wrong, she’s determined to lose the baby weight and certainly doesn’t want to stay at the weight she’s at, but she’s in no rush,” the source told Radar. “Right now she’s just relishing in her daughter and everything that motherhood has to offer.” According to the source, Clarkson, 32, has always struggled with her weight, but luckily feels no pressure from her new hubby, Brandon Blackstock, to shed the weight quickly. PHOTOS: American Idols! Our Favorite American Bikini Babes “Of course Kelly wants to be healthy and she has gym equipment in her Nashville home that she’ll utilize, but all that matters to her is her husband and baby,” the source told Radar. “Kelly has a huge fan base and they will stick by her whether she’s stick thin or huge.” In fact, shortly after announcing her pregnancy, Clarkson gave an interview stating she wouldn’t look like supermodel Gisele Bundchen after giving birth. PHOTOS: Don’t Call Me Fat! 25 Stars Who Have Lashed Out At Criticism Of Their Weight “Everybody calls me fat all the time, so I can’t wait to have a reason, instead of everybody just being a jerk!” the singer said. “I’ve never been Gisele Bündchen, so ain’t nobody expectin’ that! I like to set a [low] standard so people don’t expect a lot.” Clarkson and Blackstock eloped in Oct. 2013, tying the knot at the Walland, Tenn. resort Blackberry Farm. Clarkson gave birth to River Rose Blackstock on June 12 and tweeted the following announcement: Our baby girl River Rose Blackstock arrived on June 12th! Thank you everyone for all of your well wishes! Brandon and I are on cloud 9!! — Kelly Clarkson (@kelly_clarkson) June 14, 2014 
