 Former Teen Mom turned porn star Farrah Abraham celebrated her 23rd birthday on Saturday, May 21 in a sex-themed extravaganza at Pacha nightclub in NYC and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive scoop of her XXX-rated bash. Abraham, who is secondly famous for her sex tape Backdoor Teen Mom, hosted a wild birthday party that started at 10:30 PM and was filled porn-themed décor and entertainment. Showing up in a silver sequined dress and black knee-high boots, Abraham greeted her guests, who included fellow porn stars Mimi Faust and Nikko Smith from Love & Hip Hop, who recently filmed their own sex tape together. Male strippers from a club in Dallas flew in to show their support to the Texas native  on her special day, which also marked the launch of her new sex novel: Celebrity Sex Tape: In The Making. Check Out Exclusive Pics From Farrah’s B-Day Bash  Besides the strippers and porn stars, guests of the party also got to take a look at Abraham’s new sex toy line from Topco. Items from the line — including three molds of her vagina — were displayed as decorations throughout the VIP section of the nightclub. Guests who attended the party received special gift bags full of sexual items like sex toys, lube, condoms, and vibrators valued at $200. As a bonus, Uber car service cards and 16 Handles frozen yogurt discount cards were thrown into the bag. Abraham made the most of the night and even got up on a stripper pole and posed for pictures. After the party ended, Abraham and her entourage headed to an after-party, which she hosted at the Empire Hotel Level R bar around 12:45 AM. At first, a bouncer denied her group, but then let them all in after Abraham purchased five bottles of alcohol at $400 each. “She was annoyed by the situation at first, but then bought the bottles,” the insider said. “She spend over $2,000 on bottles and gave her black card to pay for it all.” The bottles she purchased included Ciroc, Belvedere, Don Julio and some champagne. In the end, the club ended up comping her table two more. Unfortunately, Abraham left her party alone — and a very close friend revealed that the reality star is currently single and not dating anyone. Guests in Abraham’s caravan included two fellow reality TV vets:Bad Girls Club star Linsey Jade and The Real World Explosion’s Jay G. The bash was put together by J Donovan Productions and was sponsored by LeSutra Sparking Liquer. 
