 Just days after Michael Jackson‘s molestation accuser, Wade Robson, filed explosive court documents detailing alleged graphic sexual acts inflicted on the choreographer when he was a child, by the King of Pop, a lawyer for the Estate of the singer exclusively tells that there have been no settlement talks with him, and there are no plans to do so. Famed attorney, Howard Weitzman, representing the Estate of Michael Jackson​, told, “There are no settlement discussions with Mr. Robson nor do we anticipate any ever taking place.” Supporters of Robson speculated on social media that the Estate was willing to enter settlement talks with him, based on court documents. The speculation was based on legal document in which there was a box marked with a check indicating a willingness to to settle the case. PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths However, Weitzman told us, those documents were only procedural and filed in all civil cases in California as dictated by law. On Monday, broke the story that Robson’s attorneys ask Jackson’s estate to admit that the King of Pop forced him to pose naked on all fours, while Jackson allegedly masturbated to the sight! The documents are full of graphic claims, but one section asks the estate to admit that ”during the time from approximately 1990 through 1997 sexual activities between Michael Jackson and Wade Robson included Michael Jackson masturbating while watching Wade Robson from behind on all fours, naked, with his knees and palms extended like a dog on all fours.” PHOTOS: Not Convincing Enough? Look At The Evidence That Didn’t Sell The Jury In Michael Jackson Death Trial The requests are centered around the claim that Jackson “invited Robson and his family to stay at [Jackson’s ranch] in February, 1990.” There, the documents ask the estate to admit that Jackson “employed an audible alarm system for his bedroom [and] hung ‘do not disturb’ signs on his bedroom door.” Inside the bedroom, the documents ask Jackson’s estate to admit, “sexual activities occurred between [Jackson] and Wade Robson periodically during the time period from approximately 1990 to 1997,” when Robson was between the ages of 7 and 14. The Estate is asking a Los Angeles judge to reject Robson‘s molestation claim against the late singer because he supposedly waited too long to file, but Robson is claiming that he should have been served a notice of the administration of the estate when Jackson died. PHOTOS: 20 Weird And Wacky Hollywood Conspiracy Theories He also claims to have only remembered about the molestation after having two “breakdowns” which resulted in him seeking therapy. Judge Mitchell Beckloff hasn’t ruled on whether or not Robson’s claim will be allowed to proceed, but is expected to make a decision after a hearing later this year. Robson will be required to take the stand during the hearing, and will be grilled by Weitzman about contradictory statements he made as Jackson’s star witness in the molestation trial in 2005 in support of the “Beat It” singer at the time. 
