 Before Tori Spelling‘s world came crashing down with the news that hubby Dean McDermott had an affair while filming Chopped Canada last winter, the couple purchased a fixer-upper in Ontario to be featured on their reality TV show, Tori And Dean: Cabin Fever. Or did they? PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed According to both the actual homeowner and realtor featured on the premiere episode of their Great American Country network show, has exclusively learned the troubled couple didn’t buy the Orillia cottage and only entered into a rental agreement for the time period of the show. “I still own the house,” the Toronto resident registered to the home, Michael Shipowick, told Radar. PHOTOS: Secrets & Lies: 10 Reasons Why Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott Might Have FAKED The Cheating Scandal To Score A Reality TV Show “I’m retired now, so I gave it to my sons. And yes, they filmed a reality TV show there.” Todd Jeffries was the real estate agent featured on the premiere episode of Spelling and McDermott’s show, but told Radar he doesn’t even normally trade in that area and was approached by producers to do the show. PHOTOS: The Bravo Curse! 10 Reality Stars Who Made All The Wrong Headlines After Appearing On TV “I wasn’t involved in the rental side of it and I don’t really know what the arrangement was,” Jeffries told Radar. “Research on the properties was done by the production company so I sort of had a heads up as to where we were heading, what properties and what not. PHOTOS: From Movies To Martha Stewart! 14 New Wannabe Lifestyle Gurus Revealed Jeffries tells Radar the show wasn’t scripted, but admitted there is a general storyline. “The third cottage is a four-bedroom priced at $450,000,” McDermott says on the show. PHOTOS: 8 Years, 4 Kids & 1 BIG Cheating Scandal! We Look Back At Tori & Dean Through The Years On Their Wedding Anniversary “This I could work with,” Spelling chimes in. “My vote, cottage number three,” McDermott says. “I think this has a lot of potential.” PHOTOS: Secrets & Lies: 10 Reasons Why Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott Might Have FAKED The Cheating Scandal To Score A Reality TV Show The couple talks about how they can “make it our own” — yet, they don’t even own the cottage and haven’t been back since filming ended. “There’s very little substance to [reality shows], it’s just entertainment,” Jeffries said. PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed The listing agent claims he wasn’t paid to be on the show, but admits that his boat fuel, meals and accommodations were paid for. “They were a good group of people to work with,” Jeffries told Radar. “Tori and Dean were good to me. They seemed to get along. He knows how to work a room and he seems to be really concerned about her.” PHOTOS: Celebrities That Married Too Young And Jeffries says he even took the family out on his boat one day — where Spelling and McDermott revealed they were just doing the show for the money. “I took the kids out on my boat, we had a good time of it. They eventually rented a boat, but they seemed to appreciate it,” he said. “They talked about their money woes, said they were doing the show for the money. They’ve had the sh*t kicked out of them and they’re broke. They said they weren’t doing it for fun.” PHOTOS: Check Out Some Of The Most Famous & Infamous Celebrity Mistresses A far cry from her luxurious upbringing, Jeffries even said he noticed Spelling had left the price tag on a new necklace she was wearing — and it was only $7.95. “It was just a $7.95 necklace,” he said. “She’d bought it in town.” As Radar previously reported, the couple’s docu-series True Tori was also met with criticism early on, with speculation that the fame-seeking couple had in fact set up the entire cheating scandal just to keep themselves relevant and land a TV series to help with their financial troubles. PHOTOS: They Love ThemSELFIES! Celebrities Caught Taking Selfies But Spelling said she was “completely shocked” at the allegations that the show was fake and told Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live in June, “You couldn’t get any more real,” she insisted. “I’m frankly not that good of an actress!” PHOTOS: Swoon-Worthy At Any Age! 25 Celebrities Who Look Hotter Every Year To find out more about reality TV show fakery, click here! 
