
							It’s her family’s big return to reality TV for the first time in two years, and Kate Gosselin is nothing but confident her TLC special will bring “jackpot ratings” because she embraces the public’s hatred for her!
Gosselin, 39, and her eight kids — sans ex-hubby Jon — will star in a two-part special airing June 19 and June 26 that give viewers a glimpse into their lives now that the twin girls, Mady and Cara are 13, and the sextuplets are 10.
PHOTOS: Kate Gosselin Through The Years

“Kate isn’t nervous about her special airing at all, she knows it will receive jackpot ratings,” a source close to the reality TV star told Radar.
“People love to hate her but they can’t not watch the TV special, there is so much buzz about it.”
PHOTOS: Kate Gosselin’s 10 Best Bikini Looks
And the source points out that while Gosselin doesn’t always get the best publicity, she knows any publicity is good publicity.
“In a way, every time there’s negative gossip toward Kate it’s still promoting the TLC special and giving her more exposure,” the insider said.
PHOTOS: Kate Gosselin’s Sextuplets Turn 8
“People are going to tune in out of curiosity.”
As Radar exclusively reported, author Robert Hoffman has deliberately chosen to re-release his explosive Gosselin tell-all just four days after her TLC special airs.
PHOTOS: Jon & Kate Plus 30 Scandals – Secrets & Lies Of Reality TV’s Former First Family
“INSIDE KATE GOSSELIN’S ‘HOUSE OF HORRORS,’” Hoffman’s website touts.
“Conspiracy. Massive Coverup. Lawsuits and Legal Threats. Exploitation. Fraud. Abuse. Animal Cruelty. Lies. Read The Book that two of the most powerful law firms in the country have tried to stop from being published.”
But Gosselin isn’t letting the book phase her one bit — despite how enraged she was when it originally published.
PHOTOS: Mady & Cara Gosselin Smile For The Cameras After TODAY Show Appearance
“As for the book, that’s old news,” the source told Radar.
“There is nothing in that book that will be a surprise or a shock because it’s all already come out the first time. She’s not ruffled at all.”
Are you going to tune in to Kate Plus 8: Sextuplets Turn 10 on Thursday night — why or why not? Sound off in the comments below . . .
						