 Hearts are breaking all over the world now that perpetual bachelor George Clooney is officially off the market, but the only tears his family is crying are those of joy. “We are thrilled for them. We love Amal,” Clooney’s father, Nick Clooney, told in an exclusive interview. “We think they’re a wonderful match and wish them well.” As for any other details on how their heartthrob son popped the question, he added: “This is their day!” As confirmed, the 52-year-old superstar and the future Mrs. Clooney, international law attorney Amal Alamuddin, were spotted celebrating over dinner at two Los Angeles hotspots last week where the 36-year-old bride-to-be was donning some huge engagement bling. PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Most Charitable Stars Clooney’s aunt, Starla Clooney, hopes to not only be invited to the wedding of the century, but would love to play a more notable role. She’s a non-denominational wedding minister in Ohio, Indiana, and the actor’s home state of Kentucky, which could come in handy for her nephew. “If he asked me, I would do it,” Clooney revealed. PHOTOS: George Clooney And Brad Pitt Perform ’8′ In Los Angeles Only, she’d be just as content being in the audience to witness the ceremony she and her family thought would never happen. “They are a confirmed Catholic family, so the chances I would do it are slim. I don’t think I would be eligible. “I’m just as surprised as the rest of the world. George was going to be a bachelor his whole life,” she added. PHOTOS: Check Out Hollywood’s Top Love Nests To The Stars “This woman must be exceptionally special to him for him to take the plunge. He hasn’t seen her very long. In the past there has at least been some sort of length of time.” The Gravity star’s most recent celeb conquests have included long-term relationships with Elisabetta Canalis and Stacy Kiebler. Like with the public, the former forever bachelor has always been open with his family about his aversion to walking down the aisle again after his four-year marriage to actress Talia Balsam ended in 1993. PHOTOS: Couples We’d Like To See! “I don’t know what split them up, but he said he wasn’t good at marriage,” said his aunt. “He was a struggling actor at the time, so maybe that contributed to it. He didn’t want to invest in it anymore.” But he couldn’t fool those closest to him. “We’ve all known it,” she continued. “But all it’s going to take is that one person to do it for him. When she comes along, he’ll know it. “She (Amal) really must have bowled him over.” 
