
							Just weeks after Tori Spelling and cheating husband Dean McDermott finished airing their dirty laundry on air in True Tori, the couple will be back on television beginning on July 4 with yet another reality show. Although the show was filmed last summer, long before the cheating scandal unfolded, a source close to Spelling tells Radar it’s just another example of her thirst for the spotlight — no matter the cost.
“Tori’s friends weren’t surprised that she had signed up to do another reality show,” the insider said. “Tori just can’t stay away from reality shows, and really wants to try and show the world that her family life is just as normal as everyone else’s.”
“Even though she was criticized for doing a reality show as she dealt with Dean’s cheating scandal, Tori didn’t care,” the source revealed. “And now, even though she currently has her scripted show Mystery Girls with ABC Family, and this new reality show too, Tori wants to film another one!”
PHOTOS: 8 Years, 4 Kids & 1 BIG Cheating Scandal! We Look Back At Tori & Dean Through The Years On Their Wedding Anniversary
The Great American Country series, Tori & Dean: Cabin Fever, will follow the Spelling-McDermott clan as they leave Los Angeles to renovate a lakeside cottage in McDermott’s native Ontario, Canada. It will premiere on July 4— just weeks after the sad conclusion of her reality trainwreck True Tori.
In the video preview for the show, which was filmed last summer, it’s clear cracks were already beginning to form in the couple’s eight-year marriage.
“We need to get on the same page here,” McDermott, 47, says as the couple helps with their new home’s construction.
PHOTOS: Why Tori & Dean Might Have FAKED The Cheating Scandal
“Men and women are never on the same page,” Spelling, 41, sighs.
The troubled pair’s four kids—Liam, 7, Stella, 6, Hattie, 2, and Finn, 1— are also prominently featured in the clip.
During filming of True Tori, the mother of four had to bribe oldest son, Liam, with candy and toys just to get him to appear on camera!
PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed
“It’s bad enough Tori decided to do the reality show as she was trying to repair the marriage, but to include the kids was not wise,” an insider previously told Radar. “In recent days, Tori told her close friends Liam was having major issues with appearing on camera, and that she had to bribe him with toys and candy.”
“Her friends were absolutely mortified and disgusted at the lengths Tori will go to for her career and reality show,” the source said. “Anyone watching the show could clearly see Liam is in distress and having a very hard time dealing with all of the stress in the house. The last thing Liam needs is for a camera to be following him around. It’s just creepy.”
Meanwhile, Spelling and McDermott “continue to sleep in separate bedrooms,” according to the insider. “Tori is over all of the cheating drama and doing the reality show really gave her a new found confidence, and independence from Dean.”
						