 The tragic news of Robin Williams death has taken another heartbreaking twist: RadarOnline.com has learned that the iconic actor’s third wife, Susan Schneider, had been hoping to start a family with the comedic genius before his sudden suicide. “It was always a dream for Susan to start a family with Robin,” an insider told Radar. “It would have been nearly impossible for Susan to get pregnant because of her age, 50, but that didn’t stop her from hoping it could happen. They could have used a surrogate or adopted.” But even before Williams’ death at age 63, the source said, “Robin was very hesitant to have another child. He had already raised three children [Zelda, 25, Zak, 31, and Cody, 23]. There was also major hesitation because of his history of depression.” PHOTOS: In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All In addition, Williams had recently been diagnosed with Parkinson’s Disease, his wife revealed on Thursday. “Robin’s sobriety was intact and he was brave as he struggled with his own battles of depression, anxiety as well as early stages of Parkinson’s Disease, which he was not yet ready to share publicly,” she said in a statement. “It is our hope in the wake of Robin’s tragic passing, that others will find the strength to seek the care and support they need to treat whatever battles they are facing so they may feel less afraid.” Williams was found in his Tiburon, Calif. home on the morning of Aug. 11 by his personal assistant “in a clothed, seated position . . . slightly suspended” with a “belt around his neck,” the Sheriff’s Office confirmed, revealing that there were also “several acute superficial transverse cuts” on his left wrist. PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died As Radar previously reported, Williams had told Schneider, that he had lost the will to live in the months before he sought treatment at Minnesota’s Hazelden Treatment Center, and that the depression he was battling left him feeling paralyzed with pain. According to the source “Robin had not relapsed and wasn’t drinking before going to Hazelden. The decision was made for Robin to go to Hazelden as a last-ditch effort to get him the help he needed for a very deep depression he had fallen into.” Now, Schneider “remains in seclusion, and is partly blaming herself for Robin’s suicide,” the source said. “No one is blaming her. Susan shouldn’t blame herself.” If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255). FULL COVERAGE: Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide 4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose 5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos ‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’ YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much? A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report 
