 Terrified of what could unfold on the upcoming Real Housewives of New Jersey reunion, Dina Manzo has been scrambling behind the scenes to patch up feuds and plan some alliances with her co-stars. But RadarOnline.com has learned that she took a different tack when it came to cast member Amber Marchese, warning her that she wouldn’t have her back and none of the other housewives would either! A friend of the housewives told Radar that Manzo reached out to Marchese “about a week ago” to tell her co-star that she will be lacking in allies at the reunion. “Dina warned Amber that she is going to be on her own at the reunion,” the friend said. PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As… And according to the insider, Manzo’s efforts came off as an intimidation tactic. “Dina’s plan was to scare Amber into thinking that she was going to be on her own at the reunion and that Dina wasn’t going to help Amber at all,” the friend said. But Marchese isn’t afraid of the upcoming confrontations. PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes “Amber doesn’t care,” the friend said. “She is more than prepared for the reunion.” Marchese also wasn’t threated but Manzo’s warning. “Amber didn’t care what Dina had to say,” the friend said. “If Dina doesn’t want to help Amber out, she doesn’t have to help Amber out. Amber can defend herself and doesn’t need other people’s help.” PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! But as for Manzo, “Dina is the type of person where she doesn’t like to be attacked,” the friend said. “The minute you come at her, she just fumbles.” Melissa Gorga also doesn’t like confrontation. “Melissa is the same way too,” the friend said. “Dina and Melissa make alliances because they don’t want to be attacked.” PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget Marchese on the other hand lays out the facts. “Amber will treat people how they treat her,” the source said. “She’s not going to pretend and play fake.” As Radar has reported, the reunion will tape on October 5, three days after Teresa Giudice’s sentencing in her fraud case. Stay tuned for the latest! 
