
							Melanie Griffith‘s decision to file for divorce from Antonio Banderas on Friday stunned the world — except, perhaps, for her Twitter followers. RadarOnline.com has learned that the blonde actress posted several emotional tweets about marriage — and divorce — in the days leading up to the split, and only Radar has all the details on the signs Banderas may have missed.
“Who believes in marriage and why?” a pensive Griffith tweeted on May 2. “Or why not?”
PHOTOS: Waiting At The Altar — 38 Hollywood Weddings That Were Called Off
And based on the messages she chose to retweet, it seemed she was siding with the latter camp.
“I think marriage has become, by celebrities, an accessory,” one message she chose to retweet read. “It also keeps them in the press. It has lost its meaning.”
PHOTOS: Solid As A Rock – 15 Of The Longest Marriages In Hollywood
Another retweeted message read, “Divorces are making marriages less important . . . ”
“People treat [marriage] like prty favor [sic],” Griffith, 56, retweeted.
“Don’t need a piece of paper to show we love each other,” another fan tweeted, and she responded “Agreed!”


@MelanieGriffith I think marriage has become by celebrities an accessory it also keeps them in the press.  It has lost its meaning.
— Lea Connor (@wereleopard58) May 2, 2014



@MelanieGriffith divorces are making marriages less important, till the point where people ask themselves your question.
— Lee Caraballo (@LeeCaraballo) May 2, 2014



“@fourteetwo: @MelanieGriffith My lady and I have been together for 9 years. Don't need a piece of paper to show we love each other.”Agreed!
— Melanie Griffith (@MelanieGriffith) May 2, 2014



@MelanieGriffith Marriage s holy ordr hnded dwn by God Mot people treat it like prty favor Its lke diff btween Registering at SAX and TARGET
— Joe (@Moviemagician1) May 2, 2014

After mulling over her fans’ responses, it seemed Griffith found new strength and resolve, retweeting an inspirational post that read, “Doubt me. Hate me. Rate me. Shake me. Break me. NOW WATCH ME.”
PHOTOS: Extravagance: 10 Most Outrageous Celebrity Proposal Engagement Photos
Indeed, the whole world has watched as she finally took the decisive step to end her marriage on Friday. According to the divorce documents obtained by Radar, the date of the couple’s separation is to be decided — but from her tweets, it’s clear her mind has been on her crumbling relationship for at least the last several weeks.
Story developing.
						