 Tamra Barney‘s teenage daughter really doesn’t get along with her mother. According to a letter written by 15-year-old Sidney‘s family therapist, submitted as evidence in her dad Simon‘s recent legal declaration and bid for full custody, the high schooler has suffered emotionally since her estrangement from her mother. has chosen not to publish the letter or name the therapist. Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs – The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows “She is anxious in not knowing how to handle herself in certain situations. She is the daughter of a ‘high profile mother in the entertainment arena’ and that alone seems to bother her,” the licensed therapist writes in the court letter obtained exclusively by. “It bothers her how sometimes there are extreme demands on her, (according to Sidney) and judgmental comments or facial expressions about Sidney around other adults, family and friends.” Perhaps most telling in the letter, dated Jan. 5, 2014, was the therapist’s acknowledgment of why Sidney felt she had to move out of the Real Housewives of Orange County star’s home. BOMBSHELL TEXT MESSAGES: Tamra Barney’s Text Exchange With 15-Year-Old Daughter — Read The Messages Here “She expressed she can’t trust predictability at her mother’s home, and never knows what to expect next,” the therapist states. “It makes her anxious as to what is going to happen, and how she should react. She stays in her room a lot and doesn’t participate in many activities because of fear of embarrassment or lack of interest in the activities she is being asked to participate in.” It’s noted in the letter that there is no physical abuse occurring in either Simon nor Tamra’s home. Scorned Exes Tell All: Inside Hollywood’s Ugliest Splits has exclusively reported all week on the shocking court documents filed by Tamra’s ex late last month — which include allegations of child neglect, and explosive text message conversation between Sidney and Tamra, and revelations about the three children suffering from bullying at school, tardiness and forged school work. Sidney has taken an outspoken stance against her mother — who would only say that Simon’s claims are “bullish*t” and that she is heartbroken because she “would never do anything to hurt” her children — imploring her to “stop lying about everything,” and affirming her father writing, “He is a great dad but everyone thinks he is a terrible person because they believe the lies. It’s getting old.” And since requesting to move in with her father last Oct., which she did, Simon claimed in the court documents that Tamra was verbally and emotionally abusive towards Sidney. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “Sidney continues to claim that her mother is verbally and emotionally abusive towards her and does not give her the attention she needs as a daughter,” the legal docs read. “She further contends that Respondent’s behavior in the media causes her embarrassment and results in ridicule and harassment from her peers.” Tamra has three children with Simon; Sidney, 15, Spencer, 13, and Sophia, 8. They Make How Much?! The 23 Highest-Paid Reality TV Stars The reality TV star vehemently denies all of Simon’s claims stating they are “allegations with no grounds to stand on. This man is sick!” and told, “It’s a legal matter. My attorney has this handled I don’t talk to press about my children.” Stay with for all the latest in the heated legal battle between Simon and Tamra… 
