 Lawyers for Michael Jackson and Wade Robson will face off in a Los Angeles court Thursday, RadarOnline.com has learned, over what questions representatives for the late pop icon must answer about alleged sex activities between Jackson and Robson. Robson previously filed court documents asking the estate to admit that Jackson was guilty of “putting his hand over Robson’s clothed penis,” “putting his hand inside Wade Robson’s underpants,” “taking Wade Robson’s hand and putting it over [Jackson’s] clothed penis,” “taking Wade Robson’s hand and putting it inside [Jackson’s] underpants,” “French kissing,” “rubbing Wade Robson’s penis,” “having Wade Robson rub [Jackson’s] penis,” “licking Wade Robson’s anus while [Jackson] masturbated using lotion,” “the mutual fondling of genitals” with hands and mouths, “mutual fellatio,” “lying on top of [each other] gyrating their genitals together,” “showering naked together,” and even “penetration of Wade Robson’s anus with [Jackson’s] penis,” among other offenses. But in the new court documents, Jackson lawyers argue they’ve already “categorically and unequivocally denied that any sexual conduct” ever happened between Jackson and Robson, who is now suing Jackson’s estate for alleged sexually abuse when he was a child in the 1990s. READ THE COURT DOCUMENTS HERE Court rules allow a plaintiff to send just 35 “requests for admissions” to a defendant before a trial, unless lawyers can justify needing more responses. Jackson lawyers say Robson’s attorney’s have not justified their 93 requests for admissions that “Robson and Michael engaged in sexual activities together in the 1990s and that Michael sexually abused Robson,” a new court filing contends. Jackson lawyers, who technically represent corporations that Jackson owned, say they can’t answer many of the questions because Jackson is dead and the corporate representatives “were not party to” what happened on the 1990s. PHOTOS: Most Shocking ‘Not Guilty’ Verdicts “Both Michael and Robson vigorously denied that any such activities ever took place at all times when Michael was still alive,” the filing said. “And even through plaintiff now has changed his story, he contends that only he and Michael knew about the alleged conduct.” The judge has granted a subpoena that orders the Santa Barbara County district attorney and sheriff to hand over all documents related to their 2003 raid of Jackson’s Neverland Ranch. The explosive case appears to be headed to an eventual trial, as Jackson estate lawyer Howard Weitzman told RadarOnline.com in August that there were “no settlement discussions with Mr. Robson nor do we anticipate any ever taking place.” PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals Robson’s court filing included multiple graphic claims about sexual activities between Jackson and the boy that began after Jackson invited Robson and his family to stay on his ranch in 1990. Though the estate has argued that Robson waited too long to file his complaint, Robson claimed he only remembered the molestation after suffering mental breakdowns and going to therapy. A hearing could come in the next few months, in which Robson is required to testify about giving contradictory testimony in Jackson’s criminal child molestation trial in 2005. 
