 Cheating rumors, racist comments and the f-bomb! Kyle Richards found herself in the center of the nastiest fights on the Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills and the brunette beauty dished exclusively to RadarOnline.com that this past season was difficult to handle because it took such a nasty turn. PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Would Rather You Forget “This season was a little dark for me,” Richards told Radar at her Beverly Hills store Kyle By Alene Too where she was hosting a trunk show for diamond line by L’Dezen Jewellery. “There are times we actually do have a lot of fun. We travel and there will be drama but we all have a lot of fun, but this one [season] not so much.” PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives The most recent season of the hit Bravo reality show was filled with drama between Richards, Vanderpump and Brandi Glanville, with explosive arguments occurring on every episode and during the reunion shows.  “Being on the Housewives there are downside and some negativity to say the least,” she explained, but told Radar that she doesn’t hold a grudge. “I’m always the kind of person who can get past things. Life is too short. Even if I’m mad at somebody I bump into them and I’m like ‘Oh shoot, I forgot I was mad at them.’” PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes Richards was recently spotted out with Glanville and former cast member Camille Grammer popping into frenemy Vanderpump’s new hotspot PUMP Lounge, and she explained how that happened. “We were actually going to the Abbey, but the car dropped us off right in front of Pump and I said ‘I would like to see it,’ and I was invited to the opening but I was going to the up fronts the next day didn’t want to leave my kids so I skipped it. I thought it was beautiful inside.” PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! Telling Radar that all is not lost, Richards said the next season could be fun again, “depending on the women,” and she also said that she doesn’t take being on the show for granted. “There are a lot of upsides too so that doesn’t pass me. There have been a lot of good fun things that come out of the show so I’m grateful for that.” PHOTOS: The Most Boobiful Real Housewives One perk is hosting a trunk show for Payal Shah’s L’Dezen Jewellry, which are custom designed diamond and 18k gold pieces that Kim Richards, Joyce Giraud, Glanvile and Vanderpump all wore to the reunion taping. Richards revealed that her “love affair” with jewelry began from her mother, who “loved jewelry and wanted us to love jewelry. It was always our birthday gift, our Christmas gift and I still love it now.” PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! Shah told Radar that the exclusive pieces, which are priced up to $20,000, are each unique and reflect her background in architecture as well. “I am drawn by geometric shapes but everything is edgy and experimental,” she said. “Everything is all one of a kind. I do not make anything again because I think if someone has purchased something I don’t want them to ever see anything like it again.” 
