
							Throughout Tamra Barney Judge’s custody battle with her ex, Simon Barney, the Real Housewives of Orange County star has maintained that she’s a good mom, simply going through a tough divorce. But newly filed documents in the case reveal new claims about just how “negligent” she’s been as a mother: According to Barney, Judge has seen her daughter only four times in the last year — and caused the teen “anxiety” and stomach cramping when she did!
According to court documents obtained by Radar, Barney is asking for “sole physical custody” of the couple’s children, Sidney, 15, Spencer, 14, and Sophia, 8. While he’ll allow her to see the younger children “every other weekend on Friday from 5 p.m. to Sunday at 5:00 p.m.,” he’s asked the courts to allow Sidney to see her at her own “discretion,” making “the choice to see [Tamra].”
Why the distance? According to the documents, Sidney has been residing full-time with her dad since October 6, 2013. “Sidney made the decision to leave her mother’s home to stay with me because she felt extreme anxiety at her mother’s home and the relationship between Sidney and her mother suffered because of Respondent’s inappropriate behavior toward Sidney,” Barney says in the documents.
READ Simon’s Shocking Claims About Monster Mom Tamra
“Sidney was facing difficulties in public and in school because of [Tamra’s] public portrayal on the Real Housewives of Orane County, which ultimately led to ridicule by her friends and parents at school,” he continues, claiming she even suffered from “severe stomach pain and cramps” due to Judge.
“Since Sidney has lived with me full-time, she has been much happier, she has had less anxiety, and she seems to be adapting positively to the change,” he claims. “Sidney has shown great progress in school both socially and academically. She is much happier, and I have noticed a significant difference in Sidney’s growth and mood.”
Her stomach issues have subsided, he says, but “She does, however, get those cramps back after texting or telephone conversations with the Respondent.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s 16 Nastiest Custody Battles
As such, Barney claims, Sidney has only seen her mother “approximately four times” since last October, with their last meeting “on or about February 16, 2014.”
“Their relationship needs repair and it will take some time,” Barney notes, insisting that the pair should continue therapy. But in the meantime, he says, they need their space.
But Spencer and Sophia should spend less time with her too, he claims. “In the past few months,” he write in the documents, “I have noticed a series of questionable decisions/actions from [Tamra] relating to our children.”
PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives
Recently, he says, the reality star “has acted negligently during her custodial time … both Spencer and Sophia have had their health compromised, their hygiene compromised, and ultimately their general livelihood compromised.”
Because of her Bravo commitments and new gym, CUT Fitness, he says “the children have been late to school, have been left with others to care for them, and have been neglected. On the contrary, I have changed jobs so that I travel less and have the ability to be more flexible with my schedule. I changed my position primarily so that our children where my top priority.”
Barney is asking the judge to award custody based on his demands. He also wants his ex-wife to pay him $17,500 in attorneys fees and claims she can afford it — even though she’s yet to file her income and expense declaration with the court.
The real battle begins on Thursday, when the couple will face off in court in Orange County. Stay tuned to Radar for the latest!
						