 Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling‘s baby news stunned the world — and the couple themselves! has learned that Mendes’ pregnancy was totally unplanned, and blindsided Gosling because their relationship had hit a rough patch just before Mendes shared the news. When Mendes, 40, discovered she was pregnant, “It was completely unplanned,” an insider told. “Ryan was surprised, especially because they had broken up early last year, only to get back together.” PHOTOS: See What Eva Mendes & Ryan Gosling’s Kids Could Look Like The stars first hooked up filming The Place Beyond the Pines three years ago, and have been through their shares of highs and lows since. Said the source of their rocky relationship, “Their disagreements always come back to a central issue: Eva wants to marry Ryan, but so far, he has resisted.” Now, however, pregnant Mendes has moved in with Gosling at his bachelor pad, according to the source. “The house is quite small, and only has two bedrooms,” the source revealed. “Eva has been looking for a bigger house to live in with Ryan once the baby is born.” PHOTOS: It’s a Cover Up! Pregnant Eva Mendes’ Clever Tricks To Hide Her Growing Belly — Secret’s Out Now! But in the meantime, she couldn’t be happier. “She’s been ready for motherhood for a while now and to be sharing this experience with Ryan is a dream come true for her!” a source told OK!, when the magazine broke the news that sent social media into overdrive. As for Ryan, the insider told that despite the element of surprise, “Ryan is excited to be a father, and will be very protective.” That doesn’t mean it’s been smooth sailing lately, however. PHOTOS: Ryan Gosling and Eva Mendes Celebrate Ryan’s Mom’s Graduation In recent days, the source said, “Eva has been upset with Ryan over his reaction to comments Nick [Cassavetes, director of The Notebook], publicly made about Ryan feuding on set with Rachel McAdams.” Cassavetes recently claimed, “Maybe I’m not supposed to tell this story, but [Ryan and Rachel] really were not getting along one day on set . . .They had it out . . . .The rest of the film wasn’t smooth sailing, but it was smoother sailing.” PHOTOS: Ryan Gosling’s Private Concert After the comments, the source said, “Ryan called Nick and voiced his displeasure about him talking about his ex-girlfriend. Ryan is very protective of his privacy, and of the people around him. Rachel shouldn’t have to be asked about it as she is out promoting a new movie.” The source claimed, “Rachel is definitely a source of ongoing tension between Ryan and Eva.” Do you think Eva and Ryan will make it work? Let us know in the comments! 
