 In the days before Robin Williams tragically took his own life, the beloved actor was sleeping up to 18 hours a day and had no appetite, tumbling into a dark depression that RadarOnline.com has exclusively uncovered. “Robin had been suffering from depression and would often sleep a majority of the day and night. His bedroom had black out curtains, because Robin didn’t want light in his bedroom,” a source told Radar. “He wasn’t eating and was just having problems getting out of bed. He would often complain that he was just so tired, even after sleeping 20 hours.” PHOTOS: The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body The source points to sadness in Williams’ personal life, and comedy being a relief for it. “Robin’s comedic talent came from the sadness he had in his personal life . . . the laughter was his coping mechanism,” the source added. “He had been battling depression for most of his adult life . . . it was always there.” PHOTOS: Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV A joint investigation by Radar and The National ENQUIRER revealed that the individual who tragically found Williams was his longtime confidante and friend, Rebecca Erwin Spencer. Their personal and professional relationship came to an untimely end on August 11. After Williams was unresponsive to knocks on his bedroom door, Spencer, “was able to gain access to Mr. Williams’ bedroom and entered the bedroom to find Mr. Williams clothed in a seated position, unresponsive, with a belt secured around his neck with the other end of the belt wedged between the closed door and the door frame,” Marin County Lieutenant Keith Boyd said Tuesday​. Williams also had several “superficial cuts” on his left wrist and a pocket knife found near his body. PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died “Mr. Williams at that time was cool to the touch, with rigor mortis present in all of his extremities, and rigor mortis positioned appropriately for the position he was located in,” Boyd continued. A “distraught” Spencer called 9-1-1 at roughly 11:55 a.m., and police arrived soon after to pronounce Williams dead. Lt. Boyd said in Tuesday’s press conference that toxicology reports are expected back in five to six weeks. Our source added, “Everyone is obviously just stunned that Robin committed suicide . . . his family is holed up together and beginning to make plans for a very private funeral. PHOTOS: In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All “There will most likely be a public memorial to celebrate his life that his fans can be a part of.” If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255). FULL COVERAGE: Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide 4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose 5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos ‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’ YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much? A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report 
