 She’s at it again. It’s been five years since a well-publicized cheating scandal broke up her marriage and yet Brandi Glanville still can’t seem to get over the fact that Eddie Cibrian is now happily moved on and in love with LeAnn Rimes. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned and in true Glanville style she’s using her kids to get back at her ex for having an affair.  PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! Only now, she’s taken it to an all-time low, even if it means causing a scene at her son’s very own birthday party, RadarOnline.coms has learned exclusively. According to a source, the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star wanted to create drama at Sky High Sports Trampoline Park in Woodland Hills, Calif. on Sunday where 11-year-old Mason celebrated his big day, so the mom-of-two decided to indirectly dedicate a special song to Cibrian and Rimes.  PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions “She went over to the jukebox and played Carrie Underwood’s ‘Before He Cheats,’” said the source. And if that wasn’t enough, Rimes and her guests suspect Glanville even invited a paparazzo to crash the festivities! “They snuck into Jake’s birthday party and now Mason’s. There are photographs outside and inside so Brandi had to have told them where it was,” the source told Radar. “But she’s been telling people that she took the photos.” Unphased by the feuding exes, Rimes, 31, even tried to extend the proverbial olive branch by chatting with Glanville’s friends and even the reality star herself. “LeAnn went out of her way to say hello and goodbye to Brandi, and even sat right across from her and tried to talk to her,” added the source. “But she refused to look at LeAnn in the eye and only gave half a** responses.” The country singer even brushed off the 41-year-old’s juvenile antics “She thinks it’s childish. She just laughed,” continued the source. “Brandi exploits her kids all the time. She used her son’s birthday party to cause drama… she’s a sad mother.” 
