 Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Lisa Vanderpump and her husband Ken Todd are self-made restauranteurs, but maybe the Brits need a refresher on how the service industry works in the U.S. According to a source, Vanderpump and Todd left a paltry $5 tip on a $500 bill during a recent Beverly Hills meal — and were hardly model customers, to boot! Vanderpump and Todd were spotted recently at Bar On 4, located inside of Neiman Marcus in Beverly Hills, the source told exclusively. “They ordered a ton of food and drinks and stayed for several hours,” said the insider. But when it came time to settle up, “They left $5 cash on a $500 bill!” PHOTOS: Lisa Vanderpump Lets It All Hang Out While Vacationing With Family In Mexico As if that wasn’t bad enough, Vanderpump, who has owned 26 restaurants worldwide, had no manners while she was there, the source claimed. “She comes into Bar on 4 quite often,” the source said. “She is always loud, and doesn’t treat any of the staff with respect.” Employees of her own restaurant, Villa Blanca, have raised similar claims of a difficult working environment: As has reported, former employee Karina Bustillo just won $100,000 in punitive damages stemming from a sexual harassment lawsuit brought against former manager Michael Govia. And in 2012, Vanderpump and Todd were sued by former dishwasher Ricardo Velasco over “discrimination” and “wrongful termination” claims. Velasco was awarded a lump sum of $75,000. PHOTOS: They’ve Still Got It! Lisa Vanderpump And Husband Ken Todd Flaunt Their PDA In Beverly Hills In the wake of those legal troubles, Vanderpump is selling flagship restaurant Villa Blanca. “She is the most obnoxious woman ever and gets what she gives,” the source told. A rep for the couple insisted, “As owners of 26 dining and nightlife establishments over the decades, Ken and Lisa have always been very cognoscente of a generous tipping.” UPDATE:  Ginger Reeder, Vice President of Corporate Communications at Neiman Marcus Group Services, said in a statement, “We have investigated the story circulating with regards to Ms. Vanderpump and have found there to be no truth to the malicious information being spread. While it is our corporate policy not to comment on the shopping habits of our customers, however in this regard, I can confirm that Ms. Vanderpump is always a gracious customer and has not dined in the store in recent months. We have found nothing of credence in the story being circulated.” Are you surprised at Vanderpump’s alleged tip? Let us know in the comments! 
