 Hank Baskett and Kendra Wilkinson debuted their newest addition, daughter Alijah Mary, with an idyllic family portrait on June 4. But were those happy smiles all an act? Baskett, at least, had something to hide: RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal new claims from a transsexual model that the same week as the reality star couple revealed their bundle of joy to the world, Wilkinson’s former football star husband had paid her $2,000 in attempt to keep her from spilling details about their sexual affair. As Radar has reported, Baskett met Ava Sabrina London at her condominium in Sherman Oaks, Calif., on April 21 for a pre-arranged hook-up that led to the reality star engaging in mutual masturbation with the video model. Now, his alleged mistress claims that Wilkinson’s 31-year-old husband had no intention of cooling things off with her after that. PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions “He told me he’d keep in touch and we’d see each other again,” London said in a sit-down interview with The National ENQUIRER, provided to Radar. “After Hank and I first met he did call me a couple times to see how I was doing and it was very short and vague, but we did plan on meeting again,” she added. London previously gave Radar a detailed description of what she says she and the former NFL player did during their first intimate encounter, which some may find shocking given the married father of two has seemingly been happily married since 2009 and plans to celebrate his five-year wedding anniversary June 27: “I started giving him a hand job and he was playing with my penis ‘cause he was laying down,” London said. PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! But unbeknownst to Wilkinson, 29, London claims he had planned on using his former Playboy Playmate wife’s hard-earned fortune for his own personal pleasure. “Hank wasn’t specific on how he was going to take care of me, but he promised to take care of me financially,” she continued. And just two weeks after his wife gave birth to their daughter, Baskett was secretly meeting with his mistress to pay her to keep his secret under wraps. PHOTOS: The 28 Biggest Sex Scandals In Hollywood History “Hank called me around June 4 to meet him at a gas station so that he can give me money and he kept insisting on it and I said no I wasn’t going to meet him there,” she claims. “So he ended up coming to my place and he left $2,000.” So no one would see the drop-off, London says, he also left it where only she would know where to find it. “Hank left me $2,000 in a coffee cup by the pool,” she added. PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals Around that same time, Kendra posted an adorable photo on Instagram of her family’s hands interwoven — including son Hank IV, 4, and their weeks-old baby girl, with the caption, “Perfectly woven ‘Baskett’ family. We are complete.” Rumors of marital distress have plagued the couple for years, with none so explosive as London’s story. Through it all, the TV family has managed to stay relevant with the help of Wilkinson’s We TV show, Kendra On Top. And although pro athlete Baskett has been out of a job since 2011, when he wasn’t picked up by a football team after his contract ran out in with the Minnesota Vikings, Baskett allegedly has had no problem dropping thousands in an effort keep London happy… and, more importantly, quiet. “Since I first met Hank,” said London, “he’s given me about $2,400 in cash.” MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
