 In another shocking development involving Joan Rivers’ untimely death, the comedienne’s doctors, Lawrence Cohen and Gwen Korovin, have both hired lawyers as they prepare to be formally questioned by investigators, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reported. And officials will question Dr. Korovin about — and ask to examine — an alleged selfie she took of herself with the 81-year-old comic legend, a source has claimed to Radar. “Dr. Cohen and Dr. Korovin have both lawyered up, which isn’t surprising given the circumstances surrounding the death of their patient, Joan Rivers,” the source told Radar. According to the source, Korovin has retained attorney Michael S. Kelton of Fensterman, Fensterman, Eisman, Formato, Ferrara & Wolf, and is the director of the firm’s Medical Malpractice Defense Practice. PHOTOS: Their Final Farewell: Joan Rivers’ New York Funeral SEE The Heartbreaking Pics “Both physicians are preparing to be questioned by the New York Medical Examiner’s Office and the New York Health Department about the circumstances surrounding Joan’s death. The New York Police Department is also involved in the investigation, but the medical examiner’s office has the lead on it.” However, the source also noted, “Neither doctor is accused of any criminal wrongdoing at this stage of the investigation.” As Radar has previously reported, staff from Yorkville Endoscopy, the clinic where Rivers was treated, told medical investigators looking into her death that Dr. Korovin took a selfie of herself with the Fashion Police star with her personal cell phone, according to an insider. PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths What’s more, an unconscious Rivers “was in the shot,” the source revealed. “She was under anesthesia at [that] point. Everyone in the operating room was just stunned as they had never witnessed anyone do that before.” It was only a few minutes later that Dr. Korovin allegedly performed the unauthorized biopsy ​that preceded Rivers’ death. “Joan never consented to the procedure,” the source claimed. “And Dr. Korovin never should have been in the operating room to begin with — certainly not to perform any procedure on Joan, since she didn’t have privileges to do so at the clinic.” PHOTOS: Celebs Remember Joan Rivers Following Comedy Trailblazer’s Death Medical investigators are now “eager to talk to Dr. Korovin about the events leading up to and after Joan’s death,” the source said. “They will certainly be asking what the purpose of taking the selfie was for, and they will want to see it.” Under the care of Dr. Lawrence Cohen, who performed the endoscopy on Rivers, and her E.N.T. Specialist Korovin, Rivers stopped breathing and later died. Dr. Cohen, who doubled as the clinic’s medical director, has since parted ways with Yorkville. The clinic confirmed his departure, stating, Dr. Cohen “is not currently performing procedures…nor is he currently serving as medical director.” PHOTOS: Hollywood Plastic Surgeons Tell All: 42 Stars Who’ve Had Lipo, Lifts, Tucks And More And now he and Dr. Korovin have hired lawyers as they will face questioning about Rivers’ death, Radar’s source has claimed. 
