
							It’s out with the old and in with the new for Sonja Morgan! Since breaking up with Harry Dubin on the Real Housewives of New York City, the reality star is moving on in the dating scene. The 50-year-old cougar, was spotted hand-in-hand with a handsome mystery man over the weekend in the Hamptons — and only RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the identity of her new beau — and his age!
The lucky guy on Morgan’s arm is 45-year-old David Svanda, who owns Svanda’s Framing & Art in Brookfield, Connecticut.
“I’ve known him forever!” Morgan told Radar.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives’ Show Off Their Hot Bodies In Bikinis
During their date night at at the Hamptons Magazine Celebration of The Children’s Justice Campaign, “He was so patient. We came in the back door and were running out the back door!” she added.
“I was at my friends Joan and George Hornig’s home to support Kelly Rutherford to bring awareness to how difficult it is for divorced mothers. Her story is poignant,” Sonja said. “Obviously, you caught me and my friend as we were exiting! He was a very good sport to come along, but we did have a fabulous dinner afterwards at Red Stix. I had to leave the next morning to L.A. and then my daughter and I have a rendezvous for the rest of the summer in France.”
Morgan, who filed chapter 11 bankruptcy, recently sold her Saint Tropez home for $5.7 million to help pay off a $7 million judgment for a movie deal gone bad.
PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals!
“I sold my house in France so I will now be in a better position to settle with Hannibal Pictures over the movie that never was never made,” she added. “I’m very proud of the first movie I produced, The Marsh, starring Forest Whitaker and Gabrielle Anwar — but this was a hard lesson learned and I look forward to moving on with my life. I’ve never felt better and I’m very grateful to Bravo for the opportunities they have given my daughter and I.”
But, she adds, even though she and Svanda looked quite cozy, there’s no commitment ring on the horizon.
“I’m definitely single now and with my daughter turning 14 and thriving at school, having a night out with someone as refreshing, gorgeous and charming as David is a complete joy! Life is good,” Morgan said.
PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives
Despite parading her 23-year-old former fling Benjamin Benalloul on camera, don’t expect sparks to fly this time on screen.
“No way!” she said about bringing Svanda on the show. “The last time I brought someone on the show it blew up.”
						