 When surveillance video leaked online of Beyonce‘s sister Solange Knowles unleashing a violent attack on her brother-in-law, Jay Z, in the elevator at The Standard hotel after the Met Ball on May 5, it spiraled into headline news that included a wedge between the sisters, drug allegations, and a crumbling marriage of the hip hop couple. Now, is breaking down the scandal and bringing you the six latest developments:   6. A ‘United’ Front Four days after the elevator scuffle Beyonce, Jay Z and Solange released a joint statement in which the “Drunk in Love” singer’s sister and husband took equal blame in the matter. “As a result of the public release of the elevator security footage from Monday, May 5th, there has been a great deal of speculation about what triggered the unfortunate incident. But the most important thing is that our family has worked through it,” the statement reads. “Jay and Solange each assume their share of responsibility for what has occurred. They both acknowledge their role in this private matter that has played out in the public. They both have apologized to each other and we have moved forward as a united family.”   5. Employee Who Leaked The Footage, Fired The unnamed employee who took cell phone video of surveillance footage at The Standard hotel in New York City was fired on May14. “The Standard has already terminated the individual and will now be pursuing all available civil and criminal remedies,” a spokesperson for the upscale hotel said, adding that they will turn over their information to authorities.   4. Solange Sucks Up, Posts Photo With Beyonce After scrubbing her Instagram clean of any photos with Beyonce — and a cryptic posting by the “Drunk In Love” singer two days after her sister attacked Jay Z, asking for God to bless someone and bring strength to the relationship — Solange conveniently posted a childhood photo with Beyonce 10 days at the brawl.   3. Designer Rachel Roy Responsible For Solange’s Rage? While Solange’s attack on Jay Z appeared to come out of nowhere, numerous reports have stated that Beyonce’s younger sister got into it at the Met Ball after party in the Boom Boom Room with designer Rachel Roy. Solange allegedly thought Jay and Roy were getting too close, mistaking their working relationship for something more.   2. Jay Z Wanted To Ditch Beyonce For Rihanna One report claims Solange went off on Jay Z because he wanted to ditch his wife and baby mama to go to another after-party hosted by Barbadian beauty, Rihanna. “Why does your husband need to go to the club right now?” Solange allegedly asked her sister, telling Jay, “Why can’t you go home?” Jay reportedly took offense to his sister-in-law’s involvement in his marriage, resulting in the three-minute beat-down caught on tape.   1. Sisters Stick Together Beyonce’s sister might have unleashed a massive attack on her husband, but it looks like nobody is going to come between the siblings. As Radar exclusively reported, just three days after Solange violently punched and kicked at Jay Z in an elevator at The Standard hotel on May 5, the sisters flew together in a private jet to Costa Rica where they attended the secret wedding of former Destiny’s Child member Kelly Rowland. Noticeably absent from the nuptials was Beyonce’s other half, Jay Z. 
