 Is the feud between Brandi Glanville and Lisa Vanderpump all for the cameras and ratings? The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills co-stars got people talking over the weekend when Glanville stopped by Vanderpump’s latest West Hollywood endeavor, PUMP Lounge, to show her support — but has the exclusive details behind the pit-stop. “Brandi was having a night out with Kyle Richards and Camille Grammer. The plan was to go to The Abbey, but since PUMP is almost right next door they popped in there first to say hi,” an insider told. PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes “Make no mistake, the feud between Brandi and Lisa is still going forward full force, but neither wanted to cause a scene on Friday night so they just exchanged quick hellos.” As previously reported, Vanderpump has no plans to forgive and forge a friendship again with Glanville. “Brandi denies and denies her behavior — and all I can do is throw my arms up and walk away. It’s not worth the pettiness,” Vanderpump said. “If you’d asked me weeks ago, I would have said no way in hell; but that would be quite immature of me. [Forgiveness] would take a lot.” PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As . . . Having all had beefs with each other at one point or another, Richards initially shunned Vanderpump’s restaurant opening but made sure to acknowledged the gesture of popping in with a photo of the three women on her social media post with the caption: “Who ever thought this could happen?  . . . Bygones be bygones ☺” “Once they arrived at The Abbey, Kyle told people there that the three had just popped into Lisa’s place to show their support,” a second source told. An eyewitness tells that Richards and Glanville sipped on margaritas and sauvignon blanc, while Grammer stuck to Evian water. “Brandi was especially fond of their bottle server,” a source told. “She flirted up a storm with him and took time to chat whenever he came by their table.” Vanderpump, 53, and Glanville, 41, have been at odds since Eddie Cibrian‘s ex-wife blabbed a flurry of allegations about the British beauty regarding deportation, bankruptcy, and living in the Valley. “Kyle Richards told me, I looked it up and on this site where you pay $9.99 it said yes, they lived off Mulholland drive in Calabasas,” Glanville said at the time, passing the blame to Richards. “I am asking you once again @BrandiGlanville to retract this very damaging story,” Vanderpump tweeted in February. “It is completely untrue and it already has had severe consequences.” The Vanderpump Rules restauranteur and Glanville have been feuding on RHOBH since last season and it doesn’t look like it’s going to stop any time soon — unless Vanderpump doesn’t sign for the new season, because as exclusively reported, Glanville’s on board! 
