 Mon Dieu! Kim Kardashian and Kanye West‘s Parisian wedding plans have hit a major snafu, has exclusively learned, after the couple learned that French law requires a 40-day residency requirement PRIOR to any wedding! Kardashian, 33, had planned on saying I Do to West, 36, on May 24. But according to various statutes in France, at least one of the parties has to have resided in France for at least 40 days prior to the wedding. reviewed the law with the French Embassy in Washington D.C. whom advised: “All marriages must be performed by a French civil authority before any religious ceremony takes place. The mayor can authorize the deputy mayor or a city councilor to perform the ceremony in the town in which one of the parties to be married has resided for at least 40 days preceding the marriage. These requirements can not be waived.” PHOTOS: 26 Extravagant Celebrity Weddings — Were These Nuptials Worth The Millions? A Kardashian source confirmed: “Kim and Kanye were unaware until recently that France required a residency requirement prior to the marriage. Kanye has an apartment in Paris, but he doesn’t live there full-time.” This could explain the sudden and unexpected change to West’s Yeezus world tour, as we reported last week: The hip hop recording artist announced he would be postponing his planned Australian tour — which had originally been scheduled for the weeks before the May 24 event — until the fall. West claimed he made the switch to give himself more time to work on his upcoming studio album, due later this year. PHOTOS: Bound 2 Cause Controversy! Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Dine With Anna Wintour In NY Days After ‘Vogue’ Cover Release But on Twitter, fans seemed to think that it was no coincidence he was postponing his professional obligations as he preps for the big day! “Kanye West postponed tour cuz he’s a control freak and needs to stay and oversee the minutia of the wedding,” one follower wore. “Bible!” French law further dictates that there be TWO wedding ceremonies. PHOTOS: Kardashians In Krisis: 17 Scandals That Rocked TV’s First Family “The religious ceremony has to be performed after the civil ceremony (never before). The minister, priest or rabbi will require a certificate of civil marriage before any religious ceremony takes place,” the French Embassy also said. We’re told Kimye’s French marriage will be legally recognized in the United States. 
