 Hold tight, darlings: Filming for Vanderpump Rules is officially under way, and  has all the juicy details about the upcoming third season. “And it begins…. #pumprules season 3!” cast member Scheana Marie tweeted on May 6. Cameras are likely catching her last few weeks of wedding planning, since an insider tells that Lisa Vanderpump’s Bravo spin-off, which focuses on the exploits and hookups of her SUR employees, will also include Marie’s wedding to Michael Shay. Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs – The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows “Her wedding will play a big storyline this season,” the insider told. “The timing couldn’t be more perfect. We’ll get to see all the craziness leading up to the big day.” Marie and her fiancé will tie the knot at Humming bird Nest in the Santa Susana Mountains on July 27, and there is sure to be plenty of drama — considering Scheana rescinded Stassi Schroeder’s offer to be a bridesmaid! “She is invited to the wedding, but I don’t want her in my wedding,” Marie previously told. ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Vixen Kristen Doute Goes TOPLESS For Music Video! Could she show up anyways? No matter what happens, it will be captured on-camera, which should make spotlight-hungry Marie very happy. “I want to share my wedding with everyone,” she gushed back in February before Vanderpump Rules was officially picked up for its third season. “A lot of fans have asked if they’ll get to see it. I can only hope. I’m keeping my fingers crossed.” In addition to the wedding, drama is set to unfold between the other castmates thanks to some hookups and shakeups since cameras last rolled. The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not? As viewers may recall, last season ended in a bloody brawl when Tom Sandoval viciously attacked Jax Taylor for sleeping with Sandoval’s girlfriend at the time, Kristen Doute. The official cast list has not been released, but has learned that Doute is now dating SUR busser James Kennedy, while Sandoval has moved on with Ariana Madix. Meanwhile, Taylor is back with model girlfriend Carmen Dickman after briefly splitting in February. Speaking about Season 3, Doute teased: “#PumpRules will be back for season 3! I didn’t think last season could be topped but actually… just wait. @Bravotv.” PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As… Are you excited for Season 3 of Vanderpump Rules? Tell us below. 
