
							When Drew Barrymore’s sister Jessica was discovered dead in her car with dozens of white pills scattered on the passenger seat last Tuesday, the 47-year-old’s friends expressed their shock to RadarOnline.com.
“She was a caring, loving woman,” the Petco worker’s close friend Cara A. Dysert told Radar on July 30. “I do not think she was into drugs.”
But Radar can exclusively reveal that Jessica had a long history with drugs she hid from even her closest friends. In fact, she was even arrested for trafficking among other charges in a drug bust nearly 20 years ago.
According to New Mexico court documents obtained by Radar, the then 29-year-old Santa Fe resident was arrested for trafficking a controlled substance, use or possession of drug paraphernalia, falsely obtaining services or accommodations and conspiracy to commit a crime on September 25, 1995.
READ THE SHOCKING DOURT DOCUMENTS HERE
Jessica’s then-boyfriend, Craig Dohle, tells Radar in an exclusive interview that the couple was busted by police for operating a hydroponic marijuana farm out of their home in the Santa Fe community of Eldorado.
“Jessica was caught by an informant in The Mine Shaft Tavern,” says Dohle, now 59, referring to a bar in the nearby town of Madrid. “He found marijuana in her car and it led him to our home.”
The pair was indicted on the charges in early 1996, later that year, plead guilty.
PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths
However, for unclear reasons, the charges were dismissed in January 1997.
Dohle, now a carpenter still living in Santa Fe, says he hadn’t seen Jessica for many years before her death, but remembers her as a beautiful but troubled woman.
“When Jessica walked into a room, people turned their heads. She looked like Anna Nicole Smith: busty and strawberry blond. She was also very intelligent,” Dohle recalls to Radar. “But she was addicted to drugs, including speed. She was really messed up.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Have Been To Rehab
As Radar reported, Jessica’s brother John Barrymore recently revealed that his late sister was found with methamphetamine, vodka and a variety of pills in her car when neighbors discovered her dead body in the wee hours of July 29.
Though her cause of death is currently unknown, John believes her sudden demise was the result of a “drug misadventure, mixing alcohol and pills,” he told the New York Daily News on July 31.
Drew, who says she only met Jessica on a few occasions, famously battled addiction in her early teens. The actress cleaned up her act after two trips to rehab, and is now a married mother of two.
						