
							Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott haven’t exactly rolled out the welcome mat as they film their Lifetime reality show True Tori. In fact, RadarOnline.com has learned, the filming at their Encino, Calif., home has angered their new next-door neighbors, who are speaking out exclusively to Radar to air their complaints!
“Nothing is going okay,” angry next-door neighbor Edward Ohrabian told Radar exclusively. “This is a quiet neighborhood and it used to be a great street. Now our street is filled with paparazzi, film crews and trucks!”
Spelling and her cheating husband moved into the $10,500 a month rental in the tony Encino, Calif., neighborhood after being threatened with eviction from their Tarzana home just miles away after failing topay their rent.
PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed
“I’ve been here 14 years and no one has ever parked where I live,” Ohrabian continued, “except if I have family over for Thanksgiving or holidays. Now, there’s no space. It’s not fun!
The troubled TV couple, who are in the midst of well-publicized financial and marital strains, haven’t even introduced themselves to the longtime residents in the area, their neighbors claim.
“They avoid me, I avoid them!” Ohrabian said. “She can be a neighbor here any day, but if she is going to move here in a rental house to film at the expense of everyone around her, is that fair?”
PHOTOS: Secrets & Lies: 10 Reasons Why Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott Might Have FAKED The Cheating Scandal To Score A Reality TV Show
Making matters worse, Ohrabian claims Spelling’s pack of pets are adding to the noise constantly coming from her busy home.
“The truth is they have five or sixdogs and all day the dogs bark,” said Ohrabian, who shares a wall with the McDermott brood.
“I don’t know what I’m going to do in the long term,” he said, warning, “In a couple of months if this continues, I will look into my options. My wife believes none of the neighbors are happy.”
PHOTOS: 8 Years, 4 Kids & 1 BIG Cheating Scandal! We Look Back At Tori & Dean Through The Years On Their Wedding Anniversary
And she’s right.
Another neighbor, Yolanda Carruthers complained to Radar that Spelling and McDermott “aren’t neighborly …”
“From time to time there have been trucks parked [on the street,” she added.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Cheaters
And though she admitted, “it hasn’t bothered me,” she said, “I can imagine why some want to complain. There are cars parked all over!”
Indeed, local resident Tanya Souferi revealed, “There have been some neighbors complaining of how people are hanging out on the street and talking loud.”
Would you want Spelling and McDermott as neighbors? Why or why not? Let us know in the comments!
						