
							Orlando Bloom and Miranda Kerr split last Oct. after three years of marriage and a source close to the couple exclusively tells RadarOnline.com it may have been because the Troy actor drank so often that the Australian model just couldn’t deal with it anymore.
Not only has Radar learned the 37-year-old actor would “black out” after drinking so much and “become someone else,” but we’ve obtained exclusive photos of Bloom at a dinner party at Lord of the Rings co-star Ian McKellan‘s house in which the insider says he got wasted.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Orlando Bloom Letting Loose & Partying Hard At Ian McKellan’s Dinner Party
The party was around June 22, 2013, in Wellington, New Zealand, where Bloom was filming reshoots for The Hobbit and Kerr regularly visited him, coming and going between the United States.
Bloom’s wife and mother of their 3-year-old son, Flynn, was in attendance at McKellan’s left the party early and that’s when things got really wild, the source claims.
“The party really let loose because Miranda and the nanny took off with Flynn,” the source told Radar.
“Orlando got wasted at one of Ian McKellan’s famous dinner parties, which was mostly just a wine party. Miranda hates when Orly [his nickname] gets drunk the way he does because he often blacks out or forgets where he is.”
PHOTOS: Don’t Get Mad, Get Everything! Inside The 16 Most Expensive Celebrity Divorces Of All Time
In fact, Bloom’s drinking is so out of control that the insider claims the actor would require a buddy to take care of him at the end of the night, and it seems to be what ultimately sent Kerr, 31, packing her bags.
“Someone usually walks him home just to be safe, but I think the drinking was the flaw Miranda used to file the divorce,” the source revealed.
“Miranda hated when Orly would drink a lot and become someone else.”
PHOTOS: Hall Of Shame: Top Ten Wasted Celebrities
In the photos obtained by Radar, Bloom is seen pouring himself a full glass from a large bottle of wine in one photo, holding up two bottles of wine in another, and smirking for the camera in a third.
Also photographed in the pictures are The Hobbit star Martin Freeman, 42, British actress Anna Friel, 37, and Irish actor James Nesbitt, 49.
After tying the knot in 2010, the couple released a joint statement in 2013 stating they’d “been amicably separated for the past few months.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Battled Drinking Problems
“After six years together, they have recently decided to formalize their separation,” the rep said.
“Despite this being the end of their marriage, they love, support and respect each other as both parents of their son and as family.”
						