 Meet Ava Sabrina London, the transsexual model who might be the end of Hank Baskett and Kendra Wilkinson’s marriage! As previously reported, multiple sources have revealed that Baskett secretly hooked up with a transsexual model while Wilkinson was roughly eight months pregnant with their baby daughter, Alijah, and now can reveal that the woman was London. According to her Facebook page, London is a native of Northern California, but often travels around the country, and is seen wearing an endless complement of bikinis, designer fashions, formal gowns and revealing tops during her adventures. Her profile is replete with selfies, posed shots and photo collages. PHOTOS: A Look At Ava Sabrina London She has a Youtube page, which features more than 60 videos of her wordlessly shaking to music while on a webcam. One YouTube video featured an email address for bookings. PHOTOS: Cheaters Gallery As reported, Baskett’s affair with the woman exploded Friday, when the ex-Philadelphia Eagles player was seen leaving the home he shares with Wilkinson with bags in hand, as he checked into a hotel. Baskett and London first met up “around April 22 in Sherman Oaks, California,” an insider told. “He called her twice before they met in person. He said he’d seen her YouTube videos online, and he couldn’t believe that her photos were real.” Baskett used a phony name in setting up the rendezvous, the insider said, claiming he’d never been with a transsexual prior to their hook-up. PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions “They mutually masturbated and he touched her breasts and penis,” the source claims. “The entire encounter lasted probably about 15, 20 minutes. Before leaving, he gave her almost $500 and told her he wanted to stay in touch.” Both Baskett and Wilkinson did not return multiple requests for comment. MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
