 From table-tossing to weave-pulling and everything in between, Bravo producers have always had a no-holds-barred approach to drama on The Real Housewives of New Jersey. But this season, has learned, one housewife crossed the line. With booze flowing and the cameras rolling, she let loose in a raunchy, X-rated scene the likes of which network execs had never seen. But the tape will never see the light of day, a source reveals — because another cast member involved in the scandal threatened to sue! Radar has learned that the seamy scandal unfolded during a cast trip to Atlantic City. Liquored up and with their husbands nowhere to be seen, the ladies quickly got raunchy. “The girls were all asked if somebody would demonstrate the proper way to give a blow job on a bottle of beer,” a show insider reveals. “One of the housewives really rose to the occasion.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise With the cameras rolling, “She volunteered to demonstrate” the X-rated act, according to the insider. Not long after, the night got even sleazier when the same housewife admitted to using sex toys on her husband! “She alluded to the fact that one of the games she and her husband play in the bedroom involves a strap on,” says the source. “The rest of the girls sat shocked, refusing to partake in any of the sexual demonstrations.” PHOTOS: The Most Boobiful Real Housewives Upon returning from AC, the sex-crazed housewife had the hardest morning after of her life when she told her husband what had happened. Livid, he “immediately phoned Bravo threatening to sue them for defamation of character and slander should this footage ever be shown,” according to the source. “Bravo, likely not wanting to deal with the courtroom drama, opted to shelve the footage.” But although eagle-eyed viewers might have seen a clue in a recent episode, the RHONJ couple’s nighttime adventures will stay secret for now. Jokes the source, “Maybe one day viewers will get lucky, and the footage will end up in an adult video store!” 
