
							Will and Jada Pinkett Smith‘s daughter, Willow, 13, has been questioned twice by the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Authorities opened an investigation into the superstar couple after a photo of the teenager in bed with actor, Moises Arias, 20, was posted on social media.
“Willow was questioned on two separate occasions by social workers from child protective services. Once in the presence of her parents, and the second time, Willow was alone with the social workers,” a source told Radar.
PHOTOS: Whipping It Back And Forth! 24 Celebrity Hair Chameleons
“This is how all investigations are handled. Both Will and Jada have also been questioned. At this point, the investigation remains open, and won’t be closed for at least another few weeks.”
Radar broke the story: the investigation into Willow was officially opened last week.
“The investigation was formally opened last week and is being taken very seriously by the department,” an insider previously told Radar.
PHOTOS: Actors Who Can Sing
“Will and Jada Pinkett Smith have been extremely cooperative with officials. Of course, they aren’t happy that their parenting skills are under scrutiny, but they understand.”
The controversial photo prompted the investigation after the department received an anonymous tip.
PHOTOS: Will Smith & Jada On Family Vacation
“The Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services opened the investigation into Will and Jada after the picture of Willow was posted on social media,”  a source told Radar.
“The department received an anonymous tip about the welfare and safety of Willow, based on the contents of the photo.”
PHOTOS: Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith Celebrate Trey Smith’s 21st
DCFS has come under fire for investigating the Hollywood stars, but our source insists, “The department is legally obligated to investigate all inquiries from the public. They are legally obligated to do so… Imagine if something horrible happened to Willow, and social workers ignored it….there would be a huge outcry as well,” the source said.
“The goal and sole focus of DCFS is to make sure that children are in safe and loving environment.”
						