
							As rumors continue to swirl surrounding the possible return of Bethenny Frankel and Jill Zarin to the Real Housewives of New York City, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned Bobby Zarin is “attempting to make peace” between the former BFFs turned bitter frenemies — and it’s working!
During a recent party in the Hamptons, “Bobby, Jill and Bethenny were all in attendance,” a source said. “There was no drama and Bobby even asked Bethenny to dance, and she agreed. They had a great time on the dance floor. Bethenny has always had a soft spot for Bobby. Everybody loves him! He’s attempting to make peace between the ladies.”
“Bobby even invited Bethenny to attend a party Jill was hosting the next day, but she politely declined, citing a prior commitment with her daughter [Bryn, 4]. She was very sweet and polite,” a partygoer told Radar.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel & New Man Michael Cerussi Paddleboard in Shelter Island
The insider noted Frankel and Jill smiled at each other, and that there didn’t appear to be any lingering tension.
Could they be making up for the cameras? As Radar has reported, Frankel is in talks to re-join the Real Housewives of New York City.
“Producers need to shake up the cast because the ratings have just plummeted. They are also exploring the prospect of bringing Bethenny’s frenemy, Jill back,” a source previously told Radar. “Recently Jill appeared on ABC‘s Wife Swap, and fans on social media have been asking for her to return.”
With producers looking to glam up the New York housewives franchise, Zarin could immediately bring some razzle dazzle back to the fledgling reality show.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel Ex Jason Hoppy Nonchalantly Walks In New York With Pink Fingernail Polish
She recently hosted her second annual MOPHIE Ladies Luncheon at her Southampton waterfront estate, benefiting the Samuel Waxman Cancer Research Foundation.
Celebrities in attendance included Cynthia Bailey, Patti Stanger, Kelly Rutherford, and Jenna von Oy.
Gift bags valued at $5,000 included products from Nature’s Bounty Optimal Solutions, Jose Cuervo Teagarita, SWASH pods and MediSpa44.
A source close to the former BFFs told Radar, “Both of the ladies have moved on from the past. It would be very interesting to catch up with them on camera on RHONY, where it all began.”
Sound off in the comment section below: Do you want to see Zarin and Frankel return to RHONY?
						