 After kicking her baby daddy Adam Lind to the curb and spending a few years as a single lady to focus on her daughter, Teen Mom 2 star Chelsea Houska is in a new romance with hot college grad Cole DeBoer. But the ghosts of relationships past have come back to haunt her. RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that the 23-year-old mom of Aubree, 5, and her traffic control specialist boyfriend, 25, bumped into Lind, 23, and a few of his friends at a local Sioux Falls, South Dakota, gas station last Friday night. PHOTOS: The 15 Biggest Secrets & Scandals About ‘Teen Mom 2′ Baby Daddy From Hell Adam Lind “They all saw each other, but they didn’t interact at all,” an onlooker recalls to Radar. “No one said hello.” “Chelsea looked over and saw him, but didn’t look again!” says another eyewitness. The MTV fan-favorite was probably smart to steer clear of her wayward ex. Just two nights later, Lind was arrested and jailed on a domestic stalking charge related to his bitter breakup from girlfriend Brooke Beaton, 26. PHOTOS: Teen Mom Porn Star Farrah Abraham’s Sex Book Seems True To Life As Radar exclusively reported, Beaton filed for a restraining order against Lind after she alleged he grabbed and shoved her at a local racing event. “I am very scared for my safety and for my children’s [safety],” the mom of two wrote in court documents. While Lind’s personal life is in tatters, Houska is getting serious with her new guy. (Coincidentally, the couple met in a gas station over the summer and exchanged numbers.) PHOTOS: Family Photos! ‘Teen Mom 2′ Star Kailyn Shows Off Adorable Sons “They are really great together,” a friend tells Radar. “Aubree absolutely loves him!” It’s no surprise why. The cosmetologist recently boasted that DeBoer fixed her daughter’s backyard swing. “Shoutout to this handy man, @coledeboer …helping me out with stuff around the house and Aubs was pumped that he fixed her swingset. Wooo #mancandy #hearteyesfordays,” she captioned a cute Instagram photo in October. Looks like Lind is the last thing on her mind! Was Chelsea right to ignore Adam? Sound off in the comments. 
