
							Bye Bye Brooks!  Real Housewives of Orange County star Vicki Gunvalson has been in a tumultuous relationship with Ayers for years, but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that she’s been spotted out with a new man and we’ve got all the details and photos about her new romance.
Gunvalson and Ayers went through a bitter split, got back together despite warnings from her friends and family but now it looks like she’s moved on to a handsome and successful lawyer.
The Bravolebrity met John Pankauski, an attorney, in New York City and they apparently hit it off immediately, as evident by the exclusive photos Radar has obtained of the pair.
PHOTOS: Vicki Gunvalson And Her New Boyfriend John Pankauski
“Vicki met John when he was meeting with her production company Woo Hoo in April and she had dinner with him and brought him to aWatch What Happens Live taping,” a source close to the situation told Radar.
“They are working together on a few business projects, but there are sparks flying between them.”
Unlike Ayers, who was entangled in multiple lawsuits over child support, Pankauski seems to be a much better match for Gunvalson.
PHOTOS: Vicki Gunvalson Served With Lawsuit While In Las Vegas
“John comes from the New England area and he moved to Palm Beach about 15 years ago,” the source told Radar.
“He built a multi-million dollar law firm which he owns – and has a winery in Napa Valley.”
Bragging about his physique, the source dished on his personal stats that Gunvalson clearly finds attractive.
PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control
“John is single, 6’2”, 200 lbs, an athlete and avid tennis player. He has handsome movie star good looks and he’s a rascal too. He is a warrior and a fierce lawyer.”
Starting a bi-coastal relationship, Pankauski and Gunvalson were spotted at the Montage Hotel in Beverly Hills and the source said “they’re working on several projects together. John has asked Woo Hoo to film the promo for his law firm – and a reel for a potential new TV show, in which John would star and Vicki would be the Executive Producer and Woo Hoo is pitching two television shows that Vicki owns.”
The couple that goes to a hair salon together stays together?
They Make How Much?! The 23 Highest-Paid Reality TV Stars
Gunvalson and Pankauski hit up the Kim Vo salon in the Montage, getting her hair and makeup done for the Diamonds by Vicki promo shoot and then they had dinner in Beverly Hills together too.
They are even taking their romance on the road, with Pankauski expected to join Gunvalson at the Women’s Expo in Phoenix, Arizona in late April.
						