
							Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello have only been dating six months, but RadarOnline.com has confirmed that the couple are engaged, after Vergara was photographed sporting a diamond ring during their vacation in Hawaii.
As Radar previously reported, Vergara and Manganiello, who have met each other’s families, are very serious and a source close to the True Blood hunk has even said that he “wants to spend the rest of his life with her!”
On Dec. 28, which was Manganiello’s 38th bday, Vergara, took to her Instagram to share a photo of a birthday cake, coffee and black and gold balloons with a caption that read, “Hawaiian bday!!”



Hawaiian bday!!
A photo posted by Sofia Vergara (@sofiavergara) on Dec 12, 2014 at 11:21am PST


In another snap, the Modern Family actress, 42, shared a birthday message to her beau, which said, “Happy happy bday to my love and best friend ❤️❤️ to the one that makes me laugh like crazy! Have a healthy wonderful year babe!!!”



Happy happy bday to my love and best friend ❤️❤️to the one that makes me laugh like crazy!have a healthy wonderfull year babe!!!@joemanganiello A photo posted by Sofia Vergara (@sofiavergara) on Dec 12, 2014 at 9:51am PST



Vergara has been engaged once before, to Nick Loeb, 39, but broke off the engagement shortly before she started dating Manganiello in July.
She kept that engagement a secret at first, and a source said to expect the same behavior with her new relationship update.
“Sofia did this before when she got engaged to her ex-fiancé, Nick Loeb around her 40th birthday,” said a source close to the couple. “She played hide-and-go-seek with the engagement ring. One minute, she was photographed with it on, the next minute she’d have it off. Now, she appears to be doing the same thing again!”
PHOTOS: Extravagance: 10 Most Outrageous Celebrity Proposal Engagement Photos
The buxom beauty reportedly got engaged to the Onion Crunch king Loeb in Mexico on July 10, 2012. However, she did not confirm it until a month and a half later, on Aug. 29, 2012! She announced her split from Loeb on May 24 of this year. The breakup (the second for the couple) reportedly came after a series of fights over her continuing friendship with former love Chris Paciello.
Do you think that Sofia Vergara and Joe Manganiello should get married? Let us know in the comments below.
						