
							The national pariah known as Donald Sterling has told RadarOnline.com that he intends on speaking out in a tell-all interview “shortly.”
In a phone conversation with Radar Editor in Chief Dylan Howard on Friday, the embattled 81-year-old Los Angeles Clippers owner was tight-lipped about the latest tawdry revelations contained in two audio tapes posted exclusively on this site.
But Sterling — banned for life from the NBA — said: “I want to be clear. Please understand… I do intend on giving an interview. “
PHOTOS: Vanessa Stiviano Shows Off Gifts Shes Received From Donald Sterling
Pressed on when he would talk publicly, the real estate mogul responded: “Shortly.”
What he’ll say has largely already been revealed in two bombshell secret audio tapes released on Radar in the past two days during which a defiant Sterling insisted “I’m not a racist.”
“You think I’m a racist?” the beleaguered billionaire angrily asked a long-time friend in the recorded phone conversation on May 1.
“You think I have anything in the world but love for everybody? You don’t think that! You know I’m not a racist!”
		
			
			
		
		
The source — a close friend of Mr. Sterling — executed a notarized affidavit to confirm the explosive conversation took place.
In a second recording, Sterling revealed the true reason for his hateful comments — He wanted to sleep with his assistant and rumored mistress, V. Stiviano.
“I’m talking to a girl. I’m trying to have sex with her,” Sterling explained to the pal.
		
			
			
		
		
“I’m trying to play with her. If you were trying to have sex with a girl and you’re talking to her privately and you don’t think anybody’s there, you may say anything in the world!”
As Radar has reported, Sterling lavished his personal assistant Stiviano with luxury gifts for years,but sources insist she never slept with him in return.
When asked by Howard how he was holding up in the wake of the latest public shaming, Sterling said: “I am sorry… There is just no comment I can make at this point.”
						