
							Ramona and Mario Singer are currently vacationing in St. Barth’s trying to save their troubled marriage, but the couple was overheard fighting at their hotel pool, after the reality star’s cheating husband complained the Pinot Griogio-guzzling housewife had had to much to drink at dinner the previous night, a source told RadarOnline.com exclusively.
“Ramona and Mario were at the pool on Sunday afternoon, and he was very upset that she had had over indulged at dinner Saturday night,” an eyewitness told RadarOnline.com. “Specifically, according to Mario, Ramona had too much to drink. 
PHOTOS: Big Apple Bore! RHONYC Reunion Taping ‘Drama-Free’ Snoozefest, Now Bravo May Axe The Franchise 
“Ramona didn’t say much in response to Mario, but did ask him to keep his voice down. She was only drinking water at the pool on Sunday.”
The Real Housewives of New York City star has been dealing with her husband’s shocking cheating allegations, and Mario Singer’s much younger mistress Kasey Dexter didn’t go down without a fight.
PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of Real Housewives of New York City — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! 
“Ramona NEVER talks about Mario or the mistress, she absolutely shuts down cheating talk,” a source close to the blonde reality star previously told Radar.
As Ramona and Mario try to silence his mistress, Dexter, with legal letters, she continues to make headlines by claiming that the husband of the Housewife is still in love with her.
PHOTOS: The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not?
“Ramona refuses to acknowledge that there is a problem,” the source told Radar. “She is burying her head in the sand and she refuses to talk about what has happened.”
The source said that instead of fishing for gossip, friends close to Ramona are hoping they can help her through the rough time, but to no avail.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Who? Frankel’s Ex Jason Hoppy Spotted With New Mystery Woman In Midst Of Bitter Divorce Battle With Skinnygirl Mogul
Meanwhile, Ramona and Mario “continued to look miserable on their St. Barth’s vacation. 
“If the point of the trip was to rekindle the romance in the marriage,” the source added, “by all appearances, it doesn’t seem to be working.”
PHOTOS: Busted . . . BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating!
We’ll keep you updated on the latest in this story, right here on Radar.
						