 Is Kyle Richards moonlighting as a stripper now? The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills star hit up a West Hollywood hot spot on Wednesday night and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive raunchy video of her showing off her professional pole dancing moves that would make any stripper jealous! PHOTOS: Girl Who Likes To Twirl! Kyle Richards Goes Pole Dancing Wednesday is “Girls Night” at The Abbey, which is right next door to Lisa Vanderpump’s two hot spots, Sur Lounge and PUMP Lounge, and Richards and a friend hit the stage showing off their best stripper moves. “Kyle, Kathy, two women and two guys came into The Abbey,” the eyewitness told Radar. PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives “She didn’t seem to be drinking but was definitely having a great time with her friends.” The source said the bar was packed when Kyle and her friend got up on stage to dance around the pole, but Bravo cameras were not on hand to catch the racy dance. PHOTOS: The Most Boobiful Real Housewives “They were just two women having a lot of fun dancing around the pole. Kyle has good moves,” they told Radar. In the video, Richards is wearing a skin tight white Hervé Léger dress and sky high heels as she bumps and grinds against the pole. PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As . . . “She seemed to be dancing a lot and laughing,” the spy told Radar. However, despite her celebrity status, apparently the RHOBH star didn’t attract too much attention. PHOTOS: The Real Housewives Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! “The bar was super packed so I don’t think that too many people were noticing it Kyle on the pole, either that or they had no idea who she was,” the source said. “She was super friendly to everyone that came up to her though, she was more than willing to take selfies with people.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise What do you think about Richards’ moves on the pole? Sound off in comments below. 
