 Kim Kardashian and Kanye West just locked down some serious A-list royalty for their Paris wedding, because has exclusively learned that not only are Beyonce and Jay Z attending — but the “Empire State of Mind” rapper will be standing up as West’s best man. After receiving the official RSVP from Beyonce and Jay, West was shocked to receive a surprise gift. “The best news came when Jay sent a gift to Kanye with an inscription referring to Jay Z as the rapper’s ‘Best Man.’ The gift was a gold-plated, diamond-encrusted flask, delivered with a $10,000 bottle of scotch, for Kanye to have for his wedding day,” an insider told. PHOTOS: Kim-derella! Kardashian A Vision Of Leggy Luster In Lanvin At Met Gala With Kanye West “Kanye was almost jumping up and down, he was so excited. He was running around Kris‘ house to find Kim saying, ‘Baby, look! Look! Jay and B are coming!’ Kanye has been begging Jay to reconsider his decision not to come to the wedding, an even more devastating decision that left Kanye groomsman-less when he declined being his best man during the televised nuptials.” Beyonce and Jay made headlines for all the wrong reasons on Monday when surveillance video from the elevator of The Standard hotel in New York City leaked, showing raw footage of the “Drunk in Love” singer’s little sister, Solange, viciously attacking her brother-in-law. As seen in the disturbing footage from May 5, at an after-party following the Met Ball, Solange beat down Jay Z by punching and kicking him during a wild all-out attack in the elevator on the way down to the lobby — while Beyonce quietly stood by. According to the insider, Kardashian and West have got a lot of backlash from their real friends about the wedding plans, so they scaled back filming plans with the E! Network and made certain parts off limits — for instance, using their daughter North West as a pawn. “They used the loophole in Nori’s contract that they can say no to any life moment she is a part of being filmed, so it would not be in breach of contract,” the source revealed. PHOTOS: Before the Brawl! Find Out What Happened At The After-Party That Sparked Solange’s Attack On Jay Z “E! understood in the end, because Kanye has been a trooper since joining the Kardashian clan. They are afraid of pissing him off! They will now film before and after the ceremony but not during.” And besties Beyonce and Jay have refused to participate in the filming. “Both Jay and Beyonce are refusing to participate in any filming, so E! will get to air some wedding photos, but none with them in it,” the insider told. REVEALED: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden “E! wants to shoot the rehearsal dinner, but Jay is putting his foot down. So the drama continues. Instead, Kim and Kanye are now in talks with Vogue to publish some wedding photos, after their cover did so well.” The source added, “Jay and Bey don’t mind that at all, as there will be a write-up with it, and they can promote their dual tour.” As previously reported, the France nuptials are set to take place in Paris on May 24. 
