
							Ramona Singer may have a philandering husband, but she has a good friend in her The Real Housewives of New York City co-star Sonja Morgan. On Thursday, Singer announced that she was leaving her husband after 27 years of marriage and starting a new chapter in her life, and Morgan was quick to offer up a message of support.
“No matter what happens, I’m always there to support Ramona,” Morgan told RadarOnline.com exclusively. “She knows I’m here for her when she needs me.”
Morgan is hoping that fans can allow Singer her space during this hard time.
PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals!
“And at the same time, what’s her business is her business,” Morgan said. “And I know she wants to keep what’s between her and Mario private. I hope that everyone can respect that because what we share on the show, Ramona is always very open to discussion. But what’s not on the show, is not open to discussion.”
When Radar asked Morgan if she thought Singer made the right decision to finally leave her husband for good, she said, “The only one who can make that decision is Ramona.”
“I can only be here to support her and want her to be happy, healthy, vibrant and contributing to the happiness of others,” Morgan added.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
In 2013, allegations surfaced that Mario had been cheating with a much younger woman, but both he and Singer denied the reports.
Mario’s mistress was later identified as socialite Kasey Dexter.
Then in January, Singer decided to file for divorce from her husband.
PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives
She briefly reconciled with him and even went on a romantic trip with him to St. Barts in June.
Unfortunately, as Radar previously reported, the trip was a disaster as Mario was spotted checking out other women while Singer was by his side, according to the source.
Two of Singer’s other RHONY costars — Countess LuAnn de Lesseps and Aviva Drescher — declined to comment on the split when approached by Radar.
						