
							Did Real Housewives of Beverly Hills producers help Kim Richards hide evidence of her pit bull’s allegedly violent tendencies? Richards’ longtime family friend, Kay Rozario, has filed suit against the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star over an alleged attack by the dog, and RadarOnline.com can exclusively confirm that the 80-year-old victim has added the TV show’s producers to the suit — over claims there was a reality TV “conspiracy” to cover up the attack!
Bill Zuhdi, the attorney representing Rozario, told Radar, “We have filed the suit against Kim Richards today in California Federal Court. We have also added Evolution Film & Tape, Inc. to the suit, which produce the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills show on Bravo.”
READ THE LAWSUIT
The causes of action against Richards, according to the documents, are “Negligence, Statutory Strict Liability based on California’s Dog Bite Statute, Negligence per se, Intentional Misrepresentation, Intentional Infliction of Emotional Distress, Negligent Infliction of Emotional Distress, Fraudulent Concealment and Conspiracy to Fraudulently Conceal.”
Zuhdi adds, “Based on the evidence that we have, we are also suing the Evolution Film & Tape, Inc. for Fraudulent Concealment and Conspiracy to Fraudulently Conceal.”
In terms of damages, Rozario is seeking, “medical treatment costs, and other treatment costs previously incurred by Kay Rozario, General damages for pain, suffering, physical disfigurement and other intangible losses sustained by Kay Rozario, medical treatment costs, and other treatment costs incurred in the future by Kay Rozario, For exemplary and punitive damages according to proof, for costs of suit herein, prejudgment and post judgment interest allowed by law, for other and such further relief that the Court may deem proper.”
PHOTOS: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
Radar was the first to report that Rozario, who was like a “second mother” to Richards, was attacked by Richard’s pitbull Kingsley while staying at the reality star’s house last year.
Rozario first went public with her claims on Nov. 7, when Zuhdi told Radar exclusively, “I represent [alleged victim] Kay Rozario and she was attacked by Kim Richards’ dog on March 20, 2014, at Kim Richards’ residence. Mrs. Rozario was severely injured from the unprovoked attack of the dog … I have prepared a lawsuit and will be filing the suit [soon].”
After hearing news of the suit, the 50-year-old RHOBH reality star released a statement saying that she “was shocked” that her “lifelong family friend” was “bringing suit against her.”
See The Photos Of Kay Rozario’s Injuries Sustained By Richards’ Pit Bull Kingsley Here
When asked if Rozario would be willing to settle the matter out of court, Zuhdi said, “Absolutely not. Kay wants her day in court with Kim.”
The pit bull, who also allegedly attacked Richards niece, Kyle Richard’s 18-year-old daughter Alexia Umansky, has been handed over to the dog trainer  after Kyle reportedly told her sister that the “dog needs to be euthanized, and her family won’t go to her house until the dog is gone.”
Evolution Film & Tape, Inc. said that they have “no comment” on the matter.
Story developing.
						