
							The same day that Robin Williams’ assistant Rebecca Erwin Spencer, discovered his tragic death scene, her husband, Dan Spencer, spoke out about the couple’s relationship with the tortured star, RadarOnline.com has learned, and the pain he suffered in his “final fight.”
In a revealing and heart-rending tribute posted on Facebook, Spencer has broken his silence and shed light on the “war” that drove his “hero” to suicide.
PHOTOS: The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body
“As a little boy, he was alone in his room with his toy soldiers while his parents went off on business trips,” Spencer wrote. “You can imagine his mother and father telling him to be a good little soldier while they were away. Then he would be left alone to play with his friends, which were little Army men. When his parents returned, he received a gift, a token for his good behavior, maybe more little soldiers to add to his collection.”
“Those toys remained with him throughout his life and were often given prominent space in his home on specially crafted display cases,” he continued. “He discovered video games, first-person shooters for computer and then for Xbox. Name a game, no matter how obscure, and he owned it. He played his soldier games even up to age 62. We had an expression for his avid gaming. We said he was in there ‘saving the world.’”
PHOTOS: Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Referencing his many USO tours, Spencer remembered, “Then he went off to dangerous places like Afghanistan and Iraq at the height of war to entertain the troops, the soldiers. Maybe it was a way to pay back his boyhood friends. Those of us lucky enough to be in his sphere saw our hero conquer the world. We joined him on journeys across the globe. He killed ‘em! He slayed ‘em! What great victories! What wondrous experiences! We were incredibly fortunate to follow him into the breach. With laughter, love, and kindness, he did it! He saved the world!”
“In his advancing years, our hero found a new love who we knew would march with him to the end of the rainbow,” Spencer said, perhaps referring to Williams’ wife of nearly three years, Susan Schneider. “After decades of battles, a happy ending was in sight.”
“But his final conflict was heartbreaking to witness,” Spencer continued. “Oh, if you could only have seen the war raging inside him. It would have stopped your heart. We fought the fight with him, but it left him defeated.”
PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
“Now our hero has laid down his arms. He has bid his soldiers farewell. The final fight is over,” Spencer wrote. “At last, that lonely little boy is at peace.”

As Radar reported, Spencer’s wife Rebecca was the one who found Williams dead on Monday afternoon in his Tiburon, Calif., home, with a belt around his neck and “superficial” cuts on his left wrist.
PHOTOS: In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Her husband, Dan, was also close to Williams in his final days. Back in April, Williams wrote on his Facebook page that the author “keeps me going.”
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide
4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor
Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death
Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source
Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report
						