 French Montana proved his devotion to new girlfriend Khloe Kardashian last week by splurging $100,000 on several over-the-top birthday presents. But technically, the rapper is still married to another woman. And now, a source close to his estranged wife Deen Kharbouch is speaking out exclusively to to slam the rapper for having “abandoned” his 4-year-old son — and responsibilities — for the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star. Referencing the new $50,000 Jeep Montana bought Kardashian for her big day, the source said, “French has purchased a vehicle for someone who doesn’t need it. But he’s insisted that he would not pay for his child to go to school!” PHOTOS: Revealed: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden Not to mention, the source claims the “Ballin Out” singer is splashing cash on Kardashian that he simply doesn’t have. “He’s [not just] blowing his money [but] his wife’s money too!” the source exclaimed, referring to Montana’s ex, Kharbouch, who’d been Puff Daddy’s protégé since 2006 — until they started divorce proceedings in 2012. PHOTOS: 15 Kardashians Fights: They’re Sisters… But Not Always Friends Despite Montana’s fame in the rap community, “He’s not a millionaire,” the source insisted. “That’s what he does. He makes other people think he’s on top. He’s a con man. And if the Kardashians are falling for that, that’s his MO.” As previously reported, the rapper surprised the reality star with a diamond ring and blinged-out grills for her 30th birthday last Thursday. But while he’s been spending dough like a high roller and hanging with his newly-adopted TV family, the 29-year-old Moroccan native (real name Karim Kharbouch) hasn’t seen his son Kruz in months, the insider claims. PHOTOS: 10 Stars Who Love The Kardashians And 10 Stars Who Hate Them “Kruz has not seen or spoken to his father in over six months. Nor has his father inquired about Kruz’s well being in over six months,” continued the source, adding that the star didn’t call or visit with his little boy on Father’s Day. “Since the fame, he’s been a deadbeat,” the source said, although Montana is up-to-date with all child support obligations. “He also threw a birthday bash for this woman and did not attend his son’s pre-school graduation! His son was the only child without a father present.” “Reports that were printed that claim French visits his son are complete rubbish,” the source claimed. “Despite French living and being in New York City he has never spent a minute with his child. What you have here is complete abandonment.” PHOTOS: 20 Most Ridiculous Moments From The Kardashians’ Reality Shows And seeing the couple’s ultra-lavish love affair splashed out in the media has been difficult for his ex and her family, the source said. “He has never even bought Kruz as much as a toy ever since his shot to fame,” continued the source. “This hurts beyond words what he did, does and continues to publicly do for the sake of fame and Kardashian money.” Kharbouch refused to comment on the claims, but has previously blasted her ex online for his less than father-like behavior. “Whores, strippers, dealers tell @FrencHMonTanA that his son is sick,” she tweeted last May. And even warned Lamar Odom’s estranged wife that “things are not what they seem.” PHOTOS: Not-So-Real Moms Of Reality Television! Hot Mamas Who Have Gone Under The Knife Now, the insider said, “I guess only the Kardashians deserve to have two-parent households. They preach ‘family first,’ but support a man that abandoned his wife and child completely. They enable him in doing so.” The source also questions Montana’s insensitive social media messages. “He posted a monkey on Instagram versus his son. He calls other people family, but he never once asks about his son,” added the source. “It’s devastating.” Although Kardashian is hardly to blame for her boyfriend’s behavior, the source accused her of being a hypocrite. “The irony is Khloe was the first to oppose her best friend Mallika’s relationship with a married man on her show,” said the source. “She was an advocate for her not doing that and now here she is doing the same thing!” 
