 Hank Baskett remains in hiding after exclusively revealed last week that he had a torrid affair with a transsexual model, but his mistress has appeared in public for the first time since the scandal broke- and Radar has the video. Ava Sabrina London admitted to engaging in a graphic sexual encounter with Kendra Wilkinson’s husband this spring while the reality star was heavily pregnant with their newborn daughter, Alijah. Captured on camera, the big-breasted video model can be seen stepping out of Los Angeles home into her luxury car wearing tight white jeans, sky-high nude heels and a blue halter top with a Louis Vuitton handbag in tow. PHOTOS: Who Hates Who In Hollywood? The 26 Dirtiest Celebrity Feuds After passing a lie detector test, London revealed that the 31-year-old father-of-two first called her after watching her sultry YouTube videos online. “He thought I was beautiful,” gushed London, who answered the door to her Sherman Oaks, Calif. apartment in a skimpy bikini. “He couldn’t believe that my photos were real.” London and Baskett engaged in mutual masturbation in her bedroom, after which the former NFL pro took a shower to clean up and left her a gift of about $500. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Posed For Playboy That same day he texted her how much he enjoyed their intimate interlude and he wanted to stay in touch. “He called me and promised to take care of me financially,” she said. But when Baskett got wind that someone had leaked his secret, his calls for pleasure turned into paranoid pleas. And he said he’d do anything to keep their tryst under wraps, even spending thousands to do so. “Hank called me around June 4 to meet him at a gas station so that he can give me money and he kept insisting on it,” she said. “And I said no. I wasn’t going to meet him there. So he ended up coming to my place and he left $2,000.” PHOTOS: Kendra Wilkinson And Gretchen Rossi Host TAO’s Annual World’s Largest Bachelorette Party in Las Vegas After leaving the cash in a coffee cup by her pool, he offered her more even more money, fearing that his infidelity would rip his famous family apart. “Hank offered me $5,000 so that I wouldn’t speak to the media,” added London. Baskett was last seen speeding away from his marital home in Calabasas, Calif., after an argument with Wilkinson on June 20. And in what could be a sign of continued domestic drama, moving trucks were spotted at their gated community on Friday- The couple’s fifth wedding anniversary. MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
