 Charlie Sheen has not paid his second ex-wife Denise Richards her child support payment of $55,000 — the third successive month he has failed to cough up his hard-earned, RadarOnline.com has been told. “As of Wednesday night, Charlie still hadn’t paid Denise… and Charlie still hasn’t paid for February or March either,” a source with intimate knowledge of the situation revealed to Radar. “In all, Denise is owed $165,000 in back child support.” PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads Last week, as we revealed, 43-year-old Richards — the mother of Sheen’s two daughters Lola and Sam — met with the Hollywood bad boy’s lawyer and a private judge in a mediation conference. The actor, 49, failed to show up however because he was working. “As a result, everything was rescheduled,” a source said. PHOTOS: The Costliest Celebrity Divorces Previously, Sheen, via his rep, insisted he had “paid child support to Denise.” “Your information is incorrect,” the spokesperson said, but was silent on whether the full $55,000 was paid for the then two months at the center of the dispute, or whether he considered previous child support paid as being adequate enough. As Radar has revealed, the driving force behind Sheen’s decision to withhold child support is because his porn star fiancée laid down the gauntlet and ordered him to cut his expenses. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been In Rehab A source said: “Brett has taken control of Charlie’s finances and she thinks he wastes huge amounts of money. She successfully persuaded Charlie to withhold Denise’s child support… Charlie felt he was justified because Denise hasn’t allowed him to see their daughters, Sam and Lola.” The troubled actor has been locked in a public battle with Richards since Christmas, when he hinted on social media that he would no longer pay her as much child support. Hollywood Divorce Lawyers Tell All: Prostitutes, Cross Dressing, Drugs & More Shocking Split Secrets He hash-tagged one tweet, “#TooMuchChild$upport. “Brett is cleaning house in more ways than one,” said an insider. PHOTOS: No Talent, No Problem: 25 Stars Who Are Famous For Doing Nothing At All “She’s been cracking down on the way Charlie frivolously spends his money and she’s also keen to get him healthy. Charlie’s not someone to usually be bossed around, but he’s so head over heels for Brett and respects her and knows that she just has his best interests at heart. “Brett is watching every single dollar that comes in and out. She is obsessed with money. Anything that she perceives as being spent on anything but her is wasteful and wants to stop it.” 
