 Ramona Singer gave Real Housewives of New York City newbie Dorinda Medley her lucky break by connecting her with Bravo producers, an insider tells RadarOnline.com. But now she’s regretting that decision, the source says, because Medley — not Singer — is the season’s breakout star! “Ramona is the one who brought Dorinda into the Housewives,” the source says. “Ramona and Dorinda have been friends for a long time, and she introduced Dorinda to the rest of the women.” According to the insider, “Dorinda is already filming. She was filming a trip with the other housewives.” PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives In fact, on Nov. 18, Singer posted a picture on Facebook of Medley in a limo filming with the rest of the cast members, including Bethenny Frankel, Kristen Taekman, Sonja Morgan and Countess LuAnn de Lesseps. In the shot, a cameraman can be seen in the background filming the group during their limo ride. But while Singer and Medley appear to be all smiles in the limo shot, Radar can report that it is all an act. PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives Secretly, “Ramona is furious that she is being replaced by Dorinda, who is a bigger socialite,” a friend of Medley’s tells Radar. “Ramona is also mad that Dorinda had been negotiating with Bravo behind her back to replace her.” According to the friend, “Ramona is freaking out that she has been replaced by someone who she brought on the show to help her!” And it doesn’t help that Medley is also friends with Singer’s former enemy Jill Zarin and “was filmed with Zarin at her fashion show,” the friend says. PHOTOS: The Housewives Curse! 20 Couples Whose Marriages Exploded After Going On The Bravo Show So why has Medley clicked so well with the Housewives cameras despite Singer’s resentments? “Dorinda was married to George Soros‘ former partner, Richard Medley,” the first source says. “Dorinda has a lot of money and is a lady that lunches.” “The show needed to have someone a part of the cast that had money and Dorinda fits that bill,” the source says. “She was married to a very rich man. She has big houses and lived in London for a while, so she is also worldly. She also has a big house in the Berkshires.” Do you think Dorinda could save the struggling franchise Let us know in the comments! 
