 Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling has gone into lockdown mode since tapes of his racist rant went public earlier this month. But now, in a bombshell world exclusive, has acquired a secret audio recording that reveals Sterling’s true reaction to the scandal for the very first time. Alternately defiant and heartbroken, Sterling bares his true nature like never before in the shocking tapes, unapologetically insisting he is “not a racist” and will not back down from his position as Clippers owner — despite the public outcry over his vile comments. “You think I’m a racist?” Sterling angrily asks a long-time friend in the recorded phone conversation. “You think I have anything in the world but love for everybody? You don’t think that! You know I’m not a racist!” PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants’s source provided an affidavit confirming that the phone call was indeed made by Sterling, 81, who was recently exposed for telling rumored mistress V. Stiviano, “It bothers me a lot that you want to broadcast that you’re associating with black people.” Yet despite those recent remarks, the disgraced NBA owner insists on the secret recording that his humble roots gave him an appreciation and tolerance for diversity. “I grew up in East L.A …” Sterling explains. “I was the president of the high school there. I mean, and I’m a Jew! And 50% of the people there were black and 40% were hispanic. … So I mean, people must have a good feeling for me.” PHOTOS: Happy Trails Donald! A Look At Sterling’s Potential Successors At The Helm Of The Los Angeles Clippers But when asked whether he had spoken to mixed race Clippers player Blake Griffin since his racial slurs were released, Sterling insists, “I didn’t talk to anybody! I’m in my house in Beverly Hills.” “I mean, how could you think I’m a racist knowing me all these years?” he asks his friend. “How can you be in this business and be a racist? Do you think I tell the coach to get white players? Or to get the best player he can get?” Referencing the Instagram photo of Stiviano with Magic Johnson that sparked the whole brouhaha, a defeated Sterling said, “It breaks my heart that Magic Johnson, a guy that I respect so much, wouldn’t stand up and say, ‘Well let’s get the facts. Let’s get him and talk to him.’ Nobody tried. Nobody!” PHOTOS: 25 Stars Who Have Been Brutally Busted In Big Lies That’s not entirely true, however. In recent days, Sterling has cancelled scheduled interviews with both Anderson Cooper, for CNN, and Barbara Walters, for ABC, making’s exclusive recording the first time the world has heard his unfiltered feelings on the raging controversy. As a result of the scandal, NBA commissioner Adam Silver announced last week that Sterling would be banned from the NBA for life, leading many to speculate that he would sell the team. Hollywood A-listers including Sean “Diddy” Combs and Oprah Winfrey have been floated as potential successors. But’s tape reveals that Sterling is adamant he won’t back down. “You can’t force someone to sell property in America!” he rages. “I’m a lawyer, that’s my opinion.” LISTEN to the shocking audiotape below: Stay tuned for more from’s exclusive Sterling tape — including his X-rated rants and the REAL reason he says he made his racist comments. 
