
							Just days after the explosive news that Tamra Barney Judge will not be returning for the next season of The Real Housewives of Orange County, RadarOnline.com can reveal that she’s not the only housewife getting the heave-ho. Insiders reveal that newcomer Lizzie Rovsek is also being axed — for being too boring. But meanwhile, her fellow newbie Shannon Beador has made the cut!
“Lizzie just didn’t bring anything to the show, and was super boring,” the insider said.
Even her fellow cast members seemed to think so! On a recent episode, the only housewife to show up to Rovsek’s birthday party was Vicki Gunvalson, who complained about being stuck with her for the night.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
“Lizzie isn’t going to be asked back,” the insider confirmed. “But the other newcomer, Shannon, will definitely be getting an invite!”
“Fans love Shannon because she is a bit of an airhead, likes to drink and party, and is a hot mess,” the insider explained. “She doesn’t care what others think about her, and producers want to cast women with similar personality traits.”
As Radar has reported, Bravo recently decided to axe series veteran Judge for her recent antics.
PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals!
“The network has had it with Tamra’s over-the-top ego and diva behavior. She sealed her fate by publicly stating that Bravo edited scenes to make her look bad,” a source told Radar.
Meanwhile Beador is the new golden girl for fans and producers, according to the source.
“They love the drama of Shannon’s life, and her marriage. She does have a huge fan following, even though she isn’t very conventional,” the insider added. “Shannon always keeps it interesting!”
PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots!
Do you agree with producers’ choices? Let us know in the comments!
						