 Bachelorette contestant Chris Soules set hearts aflutter last week when he confessed to Andi Dorfman that he was the secret admirer who had been sending her love letters for weeks. But has learned that he’s hiding another secret that’s much less endearing: a history of arrests, including one for drunk driving that landed him in jail! As reports swirl that he’ll be the next star of The Bachelor, only has all the details of his rap sheet. Soules’ most serious arrest happened in 2006, when he was found guilty of operating a vehicle while intoxicated and fined more than $500. According to the charges, his blood alcohol level was less than 0.1 ,but over Iowa’s legal limit of .08. Court records show that Soules was fined more than $500 and served one year of probation. READ Chris’ LONG Rap Sheet — More Than 13 Charges! But that wasn’t his only legal issue. has uncovered THIRTEEN further guilty pleas from Soules for an array of charges, some of them including booze-fueled behavior. According to Iowa State court records, Soules’ run-ins with the law first began in 1998, when he was found guilty of speeding six to ten miles per hour over the speed limit in a 55mph or under zone, and let off with a fine. Two years later, he was found guilty of the same offense and fined again, records show. The next year, 2001, was a busy year in court for Soules, according to records viewed by. In February, he was found guilty of possession of alcohol under age, stemming from an incident on New Year’s Day. He was let off with a fine. The next month, records show he was found guilty of failure to maintain control of his vehicle, and fined. PHOTOS: Drunken Disasters The Stars Didn’t Want You To See On May 2, he was found guilty of possession of alcohol under age and fined yet again. And in August, he was found guilty of the same charge, with added charges of driving with an open container of alcohol, running a stop sign, and speeding. He was found guilty f all charges and fined, court records state. Trouble followed him into the new year, when he was found guilty for fighting and noise on Valentine’s Day 2002. He was also found guilty of unlawful use of a license. Let off with a $50 fine and community service, he returned to court the next month for a charge of leaving the scene of an accident. The charge was reduced to defective brakes, but he was found guilty and fined. That same month, he was also fined for a stop sign or yield sign violation. PHOTOS: More Celebs Looking Drunk As Skunks The next few years were relatively quiet for Soules as he grew into the responsible farmer he is today. But that doesn’t mean he was totally on the straight and narrow In August 2007, he was found guilty of speeding 6 to 10 mph over the limit in a 55 mph or under zone, and fined. In late 2009, he was found guilty and fined yet again for speeding 16 to 20 miles per hour over the speed limit. And on November 18, 2010, he was found guilty of a registration violation and fined. PHOTOS: OMG! Top 10 ‘Bachelorette’ Scandals Revealed According to Iowa court records, he’s managed to stay out of trouble since. As has reported, production insiders have confirmed that Soules is the next Bachelor . Do you think all of his legal issues should be a red flag for would-be rose recipients? Or does he seem to have outgrown it? Let us know in the comments! 
