 Throughout the past season of Dancing with the Stars, fans couldn’t help but notice the sizzling chemistry between partners — and ultimate winners — Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Meryl Davis. But despite their hot and heavy PDA on the dance floor, a source close to the situation revealed to RadarOnline.com that their behavior is just part of the game that comes with performing in the show, and that there is absolutely nothing romantic going on between them. “Maksim and Meryl are not a couple,” the source said. “Every time a season of Dancing with the Stars ends, these rumors begin, but in this situation, it’s not true!” The show sets the stage to look like romance may be brewing — but for these partners, nothing extended beyond the dance floor. PHOTOS: Sexiest Dancing Divas “It’s a very passionate situation when you spend three months together,” the source said. “Rumors start.” Chmerkovskiy’s personality and actions sometimes fuel the rumors, even though he doesn’t mean to do that. “He is a mama’s boy,” the source said. “He’s very touchy feely. He is very loving, very affectionate.” Brawls, Huge Lies & Collapses: The 30 Most Outrageous Reality TV Moments And right now, Chmerkovskiy and Davis are both on top of the world after their win. “When you spend three months together, you get very attached,” the source said. “And Maksim is on such a high from coming off of ‘DWTS’ that right now, he would be hugging you if he knew you.” While Chmerkovskiy and Davis spent Thursday night out in New York City at TAO Downtown together and eight other people, they are just in the middle of a press-heavy post-tour. PHOTOS: Dancing with the Stars: Past Winners Gallery “They are doing a lot of press right now,” the source said. “They are going back to Los Angeles Friday morning and will be traveling together, but that is typical procedure for partners to travel together during press tours.” “These rumors always circulate every season with every pro but there were no hookups between Maksim and Meryl,” the source continued. “They are strictly friends and that’s it.” The source confirmed that Makskim “is currently single,” but is definitely looking for love. “He would love to find the right girl and get married and have kids,” the source said. PHOTOS: Julianne Hough Stuns At Safe Haven Premiere But Meryl isn’t that girl. “His last girlfriend was Kate Upton,” the source said. “Meryl couldn’t be nicer. She is a wonderful girl. She brought out a really good side of him and he brought out a different side in her.” But that’s where it ended. The New Flesh-Flash: Forget The Side Boobs… Introducing The Hollywood Side Bum! In fact, “rumor has it that Meryl has a boyfriend,” the source said. “I never on comment on Maksim’s personal life,” Chmerkovskiy’s rep told Radar. And at the time of publishing this story, Radar had not received comment from Davis’ rep. 
