
							There’s no rest for the weary — or the deceased!
Mickey Rooney has been dead for just one week and his children have now joined in the bitter battle for the late actor’s fortune, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
On April 9 Radar exclusively revealed that all eight of his surviving children had been cut out of his will and the sole heir was his stepson, Mark Aber, who was caring for the Hollywood legend in his dying days.
PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Have Filed For Bankruptcy
This infuriated Rooney’s wife Jan — the mother of Abner — who is claiming that the new will is invalid as it was made out a month before the Hollywood legend died and he wasn’t in a fit frame of mind to know what he was doing.
Headed by his daughters Kimmy Sue and Kelly Ann, the children got involved and have hired a legal team to look at the will and see if there are any loopholes in it, because they’re furious about being cut out of the deal!
Lost Footage: Never-Before-Seen Video Of Mickey Rooney Singing Song That Eerily Ends With ‘Till The Day I Die’
“Kimmy Sue especially feels hard done by. She was the only biological child that Mickey was close to, so she’s furious to be cut out for a stepson who’s only been on the scene a few years,” the insider told Radar.
“There’s little love lost between the kids and Jan, and her son Chris, but they all agree that it shouldn’t be going to Mark. That’s the last person it should be going to.”
Even though Rooney, 93, had a paltry $18,000 in his bank account when he died — there stands to be a lot of money made in the actor’s death through residuals and royalties.
Shocking Stories You Didn’t Believe But Turned Out To Be True
According to Rooney’s lawyer Michael Augustine, Jan will receive Social Security and some of his pension benefits, which total about $8,400 a month.
But she wants more than that — and the kids want a slice of the action, too.
The children think that their father is worth hundreds of thousands from the residuals and royalties he will earn, but it could be far from the truth.
You Can Sue For That? The 53 Wackiest Lawsuits
Augustine was quoted on April 11 saying that Rooney only earned between $20 and $25,000 a year from residuals.
Stay with Radar as the battle for Rooney’s estate forges on.
						