
							More than twelve years after The Cosby Show went off the air, series creator Bill Cosby is in the headlines once again, as multiple women step forward to accuse him of perpetrating sexual assault against them in the past. But RadarOnline.com has learned that one of the only women ever to pursue police action against the controversial comedian has remained silent for years — after the New York District Attorney declined to prosecute the case against the star!
Only Radar has obtained the shocking police report from the night he allegedly subjected her to “sexual contact” in his Manhattan apartment.
Read The Police Report Here
Lachele Covington was just 20 years old — a bit player on Cosby – when the series creator invited her to dinner in his Manhattan townhouse on January 28, 2000.
Though he’d allegedly said the meeting would be business-related, she claimed it quickly turned personal.
Cosby “tried to seduce her in an intellectual manner and professional manner with his charm,” her dad, Joe Covington, alleged at the time. And according to high-level police insiders who spoke out at the time, he then tried to put her hands down his pants and exposed himself.
PHOTOS: See Lachele Covington After Filing Her Complaint
Covington filed a police report four days later alleging that she had been “subject to sexual contact.”
Even though the report did not name Cosby, Radar has learned that his name was only omitted to protect his celebrity status.
In addition, in a statement to Det. Jose McCallion of the Manhattan Special Victims Bureau, police insiders previously claimed she said she “had been invited by Cosby to his home for dinner. The victim said that after dinner Bill Cosby came over to her, and started touching her. He fondled her breasts. She was shocked and didn’t know what to do. Then he tries to put his hands down her pants.”
Cosby’s spokesman David Brokaw said, at the time, that while the two had had dinner, “He denies that anything inappropriate happened.”
What’s more, Cosby insisted: “It’s not true.”
PHOTOS: Most Shocking ‘Not Guilty’ Verdicts
But Covington’s father insisted she had not lied. “I’ll bet Bill Cosby could not stand in front of my daughter and say to her face she’s a liar,” he said in an interview with The National ENQUIRER. “My daughter does not lie. You can take what she says to the bank.”
Added her grandfather, Charles Keniebrew, “Bill Cosby scared her half to death!”
Cops referred her complaint to the D.A., but they declined to prosecute.
PHOTOS: Outrage! Uncle Poodle Claims He Witnessed Honey Boo Boo, 9, Getting Close To Mama June’s Child Molester Lover
Covington has yet to speak out in this latest round of accusations.
Story developing.
						