 It may have been a “conscious uncoupling,” but the split between Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin is getting sloppy! According to an insider, Martin, 37, fears his ex is spreading vicious cheating rumors about him to he will appear “less sympathetic” and Paltrow, 41, plans to take the Coldplay frontman to the cleaners when it comes to squeezing spousal support from him, is exclusively reporting. “Chris now believes that Gwyneth is leaking rumors about his alleged trysts in an effort to sully his image and make him look less sympathetic,” the source told Radar. PHOTOS: The $140 Million Divorce — What’s At Stake In Gwyneth & Chris’ Split “Gwyn is so angry that she’s threatening to turn the divorce ugly, saying she’s going to squeeze spousal support out of Chris, despite her multi-million dollar fortune.” Together, Paltrow and Martin are worth a mind-blowing $280 million — but the source says the GOOP founder could take Martin for an extra $25 million! “Gwyneth believes she deserves a settlement of at least a lump sum of $25 million from Chris because he is the breadwinner and their kids will live with her most of the time,” the source said. REVEALED: The Top 30 Secrets & Scandals Gwyneth Paltrow Doesn’t Want You — Or ‘Vanity Fair’ To Know About “She believes Chris should ‘man up’ and do the chivalrous thing. Friends are bracing for an ugly divorce showdown.” However, the insider claims Paltrow is furious over the recent report that Martin hooked up with a Saturday Night Live assistant — while he and Paltrow were still together. PHOTOS: The Ring Is Off! Gwyneth Paltrow And Chris Martin Dine In The Bahamas Together “Friends of the of the couple point to a major double standard, with Gwyneth having pushed for open marriage so she could pursue other men, but demanding absolute fidelity from Chris,” the source told Radar. “Chris is telling friends that Gwyneth was so self-involved that she believed she was more evolved than Chris and that she could better emotionally handle juggling out of marriage relationships with other men.” 
