 The Duggar family of TLC’s 19 Kids & Counting seem like a picture perfect family — just one in a really large frame. But can reveal that it’s an entirely different story when the cameras aren’t rolling! Only Radar has all the details of their wild house of horrors. With 19 children, one would think that Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar would be constantly exhausted. But they’re not, according to a source — because they let their kids do most of the babysitting! EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Inside The Duggar’s House Of Horrors  “Jim Bob and Michelle have what they call the ‘buddy system,’” the insider explains. “Each of the older kids gets paired with a younger kid that they have to watch over and help out. It’s great for them, because it’s like they have a set of free nannies, but the kids don’t really have a choice!” What’s more, as Radar has reported, eldest daughter Jana often gets saddled with even more responsibility. “Jim Bob and Michelle have been known to go out on date night and leave all the kids at home with Jana in charge of the house,” the source says. “They’ll be gone for hours, and she has to watch over everyone. She does it with a smile, but it’s sad. It’s not like she ever gets a date night!” PHOTOS: ‘Cinderella’ Duggar! 8 Ways Jana Does It All For Her Family And when the parents are away, the kids run wild. “They bounce off the walls!” the source claims. “They are allowed to ride their scooters in the house, and even put the youngest kids in a wagon and drag them around at high speeds. It seems like they pretty much do whatever they want.” “They even have an indoor slide and rock climbing wall,” the source explains. “It’s amazing that no one’s ever gotten hurt.” PHOTOS: 19 Scandals & Counting! The Duggar Family’s Biggest Secrets REVEALED With all of that play, they’re bound to work up an appetite, “But if Jana can’t whip something up for all of them to eat, they’ve been known to just have snacks like pretzel sticks and yogurt for dinner,” the source says. Recently, close friends of the Duggar family, the Jeub family, have come under attack for what allegedly happened inside their home. In a series of bitter blog posts, their daughter Cynthia Jeub accused her parents of a litany of abuses, both verbal and physical, as Radar has reported. But Jeub told Radar that she had never heard of any similar behavior occurring in the Duggar home. Do you think Jim Bob and Michelle are good parents? Let us know in the comments! Watch: Jill and Derick from 19 kids and counting meet with a wedding coordinator 
