 UPDATE May 5: Love told the Seattle Times in a May 2 email she, not Cobain, wrote the note in question, and that she meant for it to be read in a sarcastic tone. The singer claimed she penned it in 1991, three years before her husband’s death. * * * Kurt Cobain called his wife, Courtney Love, a “b*tch” who spent his fortune on “whoring and doping” in a newly released note found at the scene of the Nirvana frontman’s death, triggering a new crop of murder theories. Now, Love’s estranged father, Hank Harrison, exclusively tells that he believes his daughter was somehow involved in her husband’s tragic demise. “No doubt she was capable,” Harrison says. “I can’t prove she pulled the trigger, but I can prove her involvement to a high degree of certainty.” PHOTOS: New Kurt Cobain Death Photos Reveal Singer’s Drug Den The author and medieval historian is planning to elaborate on his explosive theory in a book titled Love Kills: The Assassination of Kurt Cobain, he told Radar. Harrison believes clues lie in the shocking handwritten note found in Cobain’s wallet when his lifeless body was discovered on April 8, 1994. “Do you Kurt Cobain take Courtney Michelle Love to be your lawful shredded wife,” the note begins, “even when she’s a b**ch with zits and siphoning all (your) money for doping and whoring…” PHOTOS: Heroin Addicts, Coke Fiends & Celebrity Stoners — Hollywood Drug Dealers Tell All! “If you read the true meaning of this small note, and place it in conjunction with the rest of the evidence, anyone with even half a wit will see that something dire and awful took place,” Harrison alleges. Harrison is also suspicious of the Seattle Police Department, who released never before seen pictures of the death scene last month, nearly twenty years after the incident. “Nobody, except me, asked the obvious question: ‘Why weren’t they developed 20 years ago?’” he adds. “They weren’t developed because the police had already decided it was a suicide and didn’t need any more evidence.” PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Addiction: 24 Stars Who Died From An Overdose After a re-examination into the case, the SPD concluded that Cobain’s death was indeed a suicide by gunshot to the head. The Seattle police are hoping to put the suicide case to sleep,” Harrison says, “and yet all they are doing is fanning the flames again.” Love did not return Radar’s request for comment. 
