
							Teresa and Joe Giudice are still reeling over the sudden death of his father on Wednesday and a source close to the family has exclusive told RadarOnline.com that they are growing increasingly worried about how the stress is going to affect their children.
 PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! 
“The family is heartbroken and devastated,” a source told Radar about their reaction to the terrible tragedy of Frank Giudice dropping dead in the Real Housewives of New Jersey stars’ home.
With their sentencing for felony tax evasion coming up on July 8, this is another situation that the children are having to unexpectedly dealing with.
 PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives 
“Friends of Teresa and Joe fear for the kids. They are very worried about how the daughters are handling everything,” a second source said about the four girls, Gia, Gabriella, Milania and Audriana Giudice.
“They have been through so much stress lately, with the fear about the trial and their security and then to have their grandfather die in their home, this might be too much for them.”
 PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives 
As Radar previously reported, Gia expressed her anguish on Twitter, writing “this is not really happening now. This is not real…” Wednesday evening.
“The girls are all so young having to deal with all of these emotional situations.  It is really a lot for little children to handle and so their parents are rightly concerned about them,” the source told Radar.
 PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise 
According to the first source, they are going to be surrounded by their closest kin in the upcoming days.
“The Giudice family is coming in from Italy and arrangements are being made now at Festas Memorial Funeral Home in Totowa, NJ.”
However, everyone is focusing on helping the girls through this trying time.
“All four girls are loved by everyone and they’re going to be protected at all costs,” the source told Radar.
						