
							Tori Spelling and cheating husband Dean McDermott have made a living off reality TV shows, but judging by stats for their latest endeavor — fans are tuning out.
Just months before it was revealed that McDermott, 47, cheated on Spelling, 41, while he was in Toronto the couple filmed a show together in Canada in which they renovated a lake-side cottage but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the premiere show was an epic disaster.
PHOTOS: One Big Happy Family? Tori Spelling, Cheating Hubby Dean McDermott And Their Kids Hit The Beach In Malibu See The Photos
Tori & Dean: Cabin Fever premiered on the Great American Country network on July 4 and according to the folks over at Nielsen — the world’s leading TV audience rating company — the episode had a mind-bogglingly low viewership of just 60,000 households.
But the ratings are a far cry from the amount of viewers that tuned in to see Spelling’s marriage to McDermott crumble apart in the form of a Lifetime docu-series, True Tori, which averaged just under one million viewers at 987,000.
PHOTOS: Healthy Drinks — Healthy Relationship? Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott Look To Be Back On Track In Malibu
That’s more than 16 times the viewers Tori & Dean: Cabin Fever brought in!
As Radar previously reported, despite the couple’s fumble with that reality TV show, they have no plans on slowing down.
“Tori’s friends weren’t surprised that she had signed up to do another reality show. Tori just can’t stay away from reality shows, and really wants to try and show the world that her family life is just as normal as everyone else’s,” an insider previously told Radar.
PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed
“Even though she was criticized for doing a reality show as she dealt with Dean’s cheating scandal, Tori didn’t care. And now, even though she currently has her scripted show Mystery Girls with ABC Family, and this new reality show too, Tori wants to film another one!”
Nielsen did not offer up the Canadian ratings at the time of publication, so it’s possible the reality TV couple faired slightly better in the country in which the show was shot.
PHOTOS: Secrets & Lies: 10 Reasons Why Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott Might Have FAKED The Cheating Scandal To Score A Reality TV Show
Did you catch any of Tori & Dean: Cabin Fever, and what did you think? Sound off in the comments below . . .
						