 Donald Sterling‘s alleged mistress, V. Stiviano, adopted two African American boys and it was finalized last Friday,  is exclusively reporting. What’s more, the disgraced Los Angeles Clippers owner has spent time with the children. “V fostered two young African American boys for several years. She had met the boys during her work in the Los Angeles County District Attorney’s Office. The adoption was finalized on Friday amidst all of the chaos. In fact, the social worker came by V’s house for a final inspection before she left to do the interview with Barbra Walters,” a source close to the situation told. PHOTOS: Happy Trails Donald! A Look At Sterling’s Potential Successors At The Helm Of The Los Angeles Clippers The boys are Cambodian, African American and Asian descent and are 12 and 13-years-old, respectively. “V is over the moon that the adoption is final and legal. It was a long and arduous process, but it was worth it. Donald has spent a lot of time with V and the boys in the past. He got along with the boys, and was very sweet to them.” Sterling, 80, was banned for life from the NBA by Commissioner Adam Silver because of the controversy over racist comments — with his permission, recorded by Stiviano. PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants Furthermore, Silver is urging the league’s owners to force Sterling to sell the team. Last Friday night Stiviano was interviewed by Walters and insisted, “I became part of Mr. Sterling’s team …protected him” and helped him “become a better person in every way.” And even when it came to his now-infamous taped remarks, telling her not to bring “black people” to Clippers games, she insisted Sterling isn’t a racist. PHOTOS: Vanessa Stiviano Shows Off Gifts Shes Received From Donald Sterling He “can’t even believe or understand sometimes the thing he says, and I think he’s hurt by it. He’s hurting right now,” the woman at the center of the storm told Walters. As for when the boys will formally move in with V, it’s up in the air because of the hordes of media camped out in front of her house. “V has been spending time with the boys away from the house. It’s just to chaotic right now for her to bring them into the house,” the source added. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Adopted Children “She is considering moving to another secure location which would enable her to be with the boys.” Stiviano’s attorney Mac Nehoray didn’t immediately respond to request for comment. 
