 Kate Gosselin dropped her hacking and wiretapping lawsuit last year against Robert Hoffman for an explosive tell-all book about her family and it might be coming back to bite her. The author is conveniently re-releasing the book, Kate Gosselin: How She Fooled The World, The Rise and Fall of a Reality TV Queen, just four days after Gosselin’s special, Kate Plus Eight: Sextuplets Turn 10, airs, and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive details. “INSIDE KATE GOSSELIN’S ‘HOUSE OF HORRORS,'” the author’s website touts. PHOTOS: PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been Divorced Twice Before 40 “Conspiracy. Massive Coverup. Lawsuits and Legal Threats. Exploitation. Fraud. Abuse. Animal Cruelty. Lies. Read The Book that two of the most powerful law firms in the country have tried to stop from being published.” “Kate knew this might be coming. She feels if the book gets published again and stays published, it’s still defamatory to have behind her name,” a source close to the mother of eight told Radar. “It’s fiction. A former tabloid reporter doesn’t have first hand knowledge of anything. Only someone who lived in the house would have true knowledge and Robert Hoffman did not live at the Gosselin home.” PHOTOS: Secrets Of The Hottest Celebrity Splits! Reality Star Rebecca Cardon’s Ultimate Guide To Breaking Up Furthermore, the source claims Kate’s ex-husband, Jon Gosselin, knew about the re-release because he’s friends with Hoffman and tried to use it as a ploy for money. “Jon wants alimony and he told Kate he would stop the book from being published if she gave him alimony. She of course refused,” the source said. “He does not pay child support for his eight kids and now he wants alimony after he signed his rights away years ago. Now Robert Hoffman has full control publicly for the book but Jon is splitting the profits 50/50 privately.” PHOTOS: The 15 Most Shocking Splits Of Reality Television Couples As Radar exclusively reported in Jan., Jon gave up all rights in having a say whether or not his kids appear on TV in exchange for not having to pay child support, in a secret deal with Kate. “As of now, Jon doesn’t have much so he uses his kids publicly and pretends like he wants them off TV, but he just wants alimony,” the source continued. “Meanwhile, Kate and the kids are happy filming and being able to afford all the necessities of raising eight children; food, bills, clothes, education, athletics, etc.” PHOTOS: Don’t Get Mad, Get Everything! Inside The 16 Most Expensive Celebrity Divorces Of All Time When the book was originally released in 2012, Hoffman made vitriolic charges against the reality TV star, including allegations that she used a wooden spoon to spank her children and was cruel to the family pets. The book was removed from sale after legal threats from Kate and her legal team. 
