 Hillary Clinton showed a surprising ability to roll with the punches — or laces — last night when an audience member at Mandalay Bay Casino in Las Vegas tossed a shoe at her head. But has learned that perhaps the would-be President shouldn’t have been so flip: The woman, Allison Michelle Ernst, has a history of similar aggressive stunts and apparent instability, including a bizarre “obsession” with Colorado shooter James Holmes and Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh! A law enforcement source tells Radar that federal prosecutors have declined to press charges, but Las Vegas police have charged her with disorderly conduct. And Radar has uncovered that this isn’t the first time she’s had a run-in with the law. On August 9, 2012, Ernst caused a scene at Colorado movie theater shooter James Holmes’ court hearing when she stood up in the courtroom and insisted she had evidence that could help free Holmes, according to the Associated Press. PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder “I tried to deliver information vital to the defense of James Holmes to the public defender, she reportedly insisted, before being escorted out by two Sheriff’s deputies. Holmes’ attorneys insisted they were not willing to relay Ernst’s information to their client, despite her insistence that it would “do the victims’ families justice to have …” Later that month, Ernst filed a preliminary injunction for a temporary restraining order against Holmes, who she accused of “entering my mind though subliminal messaging and causing me to be obsessed with him on  a daily basis.” READ The Shoe Thrower’s Bizarre Claims Of Mind Control & A New World Order “I sleep, eat, and think James Holmes 24/7 and I seek a restraining order to have this James Holmes mind manipulation to stop,” she wrote in the bizarre motion, filed in Kentucky on August 27, 2012. “I watched Inception, so I’m fully aware of James Holmes magical powers … James enters my head like Dennis Quaid in inner space and he zooms my heart and plays with it and forces me to care for him.” Noting Holmes ignored her during her her courtroom outburst, she writes, “Holmes won’t even look at me … this offends me, my life and skin. James Holmes is being framed.” “They wanted to Tim McVay [sic] him,” she wrote, referencing the notorious Oklahoma City bomber in the ridiculous motion. “… Much like James Holmes, [McVeigh] was a mind-controlled patsy that they dumped the blame for the bombing on …” The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not? In a footnote — literally — to the motion, she requested that a judge also awarded her “a new red dress and [nail] clippers, including toe nails.” Perhaps unsurprisingly, Radar has learned, a judge dismissed the case on October 3, 2012. Ernst filed an identical motion in Delaware on August 21, 2012, and that case was dismissed as well on March 18. 
