 Nearly six years after Bristol Palin gave birth to Tripp, her son withLevi Johnston, the perpetually warring Wasilla, AK, pair are still hashing out the details of their custody and child support agreements in court. And while their enmity is nothing new, has learned that Palin could need Johnston to pay up more than ever — because according to court documents, she hasn’t made a penny for nearly two years! Documents filed with the court on July 24 show Palin made $0 in both 2013 and the 2014 tax year so far. By contrast, Johnston made $62,400 in 2014 and $39,067.25 the year before, according to the documents. READ The Court Documents From Their Bitter Custody Case Palin recently filed what Johnston’s lawyers called “an extraordinarily large motion seeking entry of a judgment as to past due child support from Johnston” to help pay her bills. In particular, she has requested a judgment “from October 1, 2012, forward, at the monthly rate of $1,750.” Both sides are arguing about the validity of temporary child support agreements they’ve had in the past, what Johnston’s real income is, and just how much he’s in arrears, with some alleged totals as high as $66,000. In the meantime, the Child Support Services Department is garnishing 40% of his current wages towards the payments. PHOTOS:  Bristol Palin And Son Tripp Shoot Her Reality Show In Hollywood Johnston, 24, said in an affidavit, “the amount is very taxing on my family, and if Bristol were to obtain a judgment, my wage garnishment is already at a cap of 40%.” Johnston notes that he has worked a regular “8-5 job” for several years. Palin, meanwhile, graduated from beauty school in Arizona back in April. Her mother Sarah Palin said in a Facebook post at the time that her 23-year-old daughter had spent “a great four years” working at “Dr. Cusack’s dermatology practice” in Anchorage prior to her beauty school stint. PHOTOS: Bristol Takes Baby Tripp To DWTS Rehearsal “He’s been an understanding and very patient boss,” the proud mom wrote. “Bristol has enjoyed many opportunities in addition to her good employment in Anchorage at Alaska Dermatology and Laser Center.” But according to the court documents, she didn’t make any income from her time there. In past years, income certainly wasn’t an issue for Palin. According to reports, she made $262,500 in 2009 for her work with the Candie’s Foundation. The next year, she paid $172,000 cash for an Arizona home. PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Bristol Palin’s Arizona Home The next year, the money was rolling in when she was reported to have raked in a substantial paycheck for her Dancing with the Stars stint in 2011. In 2012, she starred in her own reality show, Life’s a Tripp. Are you surprised that Palin hasn’t been making any money for nearly two years? Let us know in the comments! 
