 After a lifetime of addiction, actor Robin Williams was valiantly battling his demons even in the months before his death. has exclusively learned that before entering rehab this summer, the actor was spotted at a San Francisco AA meeting earlier this year. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young Williams was photographed looking grim and focused at a San Francisco AA meeting earlier this year: Williams opened up about his experiences in Alcoholics Anonymous during a 2013 interview. “I felt so good about the first AA meeting that I attended that I went out and drank the next day,” he said. “And then I felt so bad that I came to the [next] meeting and said, ‘I screwed up. I can’t come back.’ A friend said, ‘Why not?’ I went, ‘I drank after the meeting.’ And he said, ‘Hey, we don’t shoot our wounded. Come back.’” PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways Williams went sober cold turkey in the 80s after battling alcohol and cocaine abuse. After roughly twenty years sober, he relapsed and entered rehab in 2006. Most recently, he entered rehab again this summer, at The Lodge at Hazelden Addiction Treatment Center in Minnesota, but reps said at the time it was only to “fine-tune” his ongoing “commitment” to his sobriety. As Radar reported, he was found dead of an apparent suicide on Monday afternoon at his Tiburon, California home. Story developing. If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255). A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report 
