 Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie married boyfriend Michael Shay on July 27 and only has an exclusive interview with the newlyweds — who reveal they have no prenup, and plan to do more reality TV together! “No way!” Scheana replied when asked if the couple decided on a prenup. EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Scheana Marie & Hubby Mike Shay Parasailing On Their Maui Honeymoon And when asked if they see more reality TV in their future together, Scheana said, “Well let’s hope so. I’m not ready for all this to end!” But don’t expect a spin-off any time soon. “Never say never,” Scheana said. “However, unless it was super interesting with a great cast, I wouldn’t want the sole responsibility of being the entertainment on a show.” PHOTOS: The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not? Following their Santa Susana, Calif. nuptials, the couple hopped a plane and headed to Maui for their honeymoon, sharing exclusive photos of their parasailing adventure with. “It was our first choice,” Scheana said of the beautiful island. “I’ve never been and always wanted to go! I don’t wanna come back home!” PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As . . . As expected, numerous fellow reality TV stars attended their wedding, but fans will have to wait for the next season of Vanderpump Rules to find out about the drama that went down. “There was definitely some crazy but you’ll have to wait and watch that next season!” Scheana said. “A lot went wrong at the reception that isn’t completely laughable yet — but at the end of the day it was absolutely beautiful and we were so fortunate to have such a special day with our families!” PHOTOS: 31 Extreme Hollywood Bodies — Stars Who Are Sexy, Skinny & Scary Made famous by starring on Lisa Vanderpump‘s show — with whom Scheana says she remains close to — she first made headlines when Brandi Glanville accused her of having an affair with her now ex-husband, Eddie Cibrian. “I never saw her that way,” Shay told of the reputation surrounding Scheana. “Our relationship is happy and healthy and that’s all that’s ever mattered.” PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Would Rather You Forget As for a family, Scheana and Shay say there is “plenty of time for kids in the future” but for now they’re happy together. And just because they’re on reality TV, doesn’t mean they don’t indulge themselves — Scheana tells her favorite reality TV show is Keeping Up With The Kardashians. 
