 Vicki Gunvalson is being very selective about the issues she’s willing to forgive and forget these days. Although their relationship has always been turbulent, Real Housewives of Orange County star Vicki Gunvalson, 52, recently revealed to US Weekly that she is now exclusively dating Brooks Ayers after finding out about his stage-three non-Hodgkin’s Lymphoma diagnosis. But Gunvalson also revealed that there’s little love lost with Tamra Barney. “Shannon [Beador] was absolutely there for us. Heather [Dubrow] also reached out. And [Heather’s husband] Terry, Lizzie [Rovsek]” supported her and Ayers after his diagnosis. But, Gunvalson snipes, they “never heard from Tamra.” PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives But a source close to the housewife tells Radar exclusively that Gunvalson’s claim “is absolutely not true!” “Tamra has texted Vicki numerous times,” notes the source. So why would Gunvalson go on the record to make such mean-spirited allegations? PHOTOS: ‘You Gotta Lie!’ Teresa And Joe Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Their Fraud Charges & Financial Issues “Vicki is doing this for two reasons,” insists the source. “One is that she still has animosity from last season.” The other, continues the source, is because Gunvalson “is desperately seeking a storyline for this upcoming season.” “By planting the seeds that Tamra has not reached out, she can already go into filming ready to go with a controversial storyline that will be sure to bring the drama.” PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives While Gunvalson has been working through her share of issues with Ayers, Barney, 46, also went through an extremely tough year while locked in a custody battle with her ex-husband Simon Barney. “Why should Tamra continue to reach out after how mean Vicki was to her last season while she was going through the worst time in her life?” asks the source. “The fact that Tamra reached out at all speaks volumes about her character.” The source wrapped up with telling Radar that “it is truly sad that Vicki continues to insult the two people that care about her the most,” Barney and Gunvalson’s daughter, Briana Culberson. Barney had no comment on the situation. 
