 At last, a baby for Jen! Sort of. has learned that while Jennifer Aniston may not be expecting the pitter-patter of little feet with Justin Theroux anytime soon, she could soon be buying up baby clothes in blue — because her brother is expecting a son! AJ Aniston, 25, and his tattoo model girlfriend Adriane Hallek, who reportedly already wed, announced on her Facebook page that she was going to be a mom earlier this year, as previously reported by. “It’s a big baby. They’re having a baby boy,” confirmed Adriane’s grandmother Amanda Derycke. PHOTOS: The 10 Best Dressed Kids In Hollywood The great-grandmother to-be visited the 24-year-old makeup artist last weekend and can report that she’s doing “really well,” but the two families haven’t quite bonded just yet. “I haven’t met him. But I’m sure I will,” she said. Amanda also hasn’t gotten word that AJ’s big sis has reached out to offer congratulations to the happy couple. PHOTOS: Jennifer Aniston Shows Off Her Birthday Suit In Skimpy Bikinis Over The Years “I don’t know how she feels about it. They’re trying not to pump this up a lot,” Amanda admitted. “I think she [Jennifer] might in the future. I’m sure he’s told her. He’s very excited.” But despite all the baby joy, it hasn’t quite been smooth road to parenthood. “She [Adriane] still has morning sickness. She can’t eat certain foods,” the new great-grandmother confessed. “So she’s having a little trouble. Aside from that, she’s doing fine.” PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads And their long distance relationship isn’t ideal. “They’re not together-together. They’re kinda together as a couple,” she admitted. “He lives up north in Oxnard. But he’s very involved in the pregnancy and she’s very involved with her child.” But maybe the young loves will have a much-needed babysitter soon enough: “I think it would good for everybody,” Amanda added if Jennifer were a part of their expanding family. PHOTOS: 10 Celebrity Spawn Who Look Just Like Their Famous Mothers Despite being beaten to the altar and delivery room by her scruffy, punk-surfer half brother, the future Mrs. Theroux isn’t in any rush to add doting mother to her list of high-profile roles. “I don’t have this sort of checklist of things that have to be done, and if they’re not checked, then I’ve failed some part of my feminism or my being a woman or my worth and my value as a woman because I haven’t birthed a child,” she told Carson Daly on the TODAY show. “I’ve birthed a lot of things, and I feel like I’ve mothered many things,” she added. “And I don’t feel like it’s fair to put that pressure on people.” 
