 Kanye West and Kim Kardashian have been married less than a week and he’s already laying down the law when it comes to his new wife’s career. has learned that the rapper has refused to allow his reality star bride to film a Keeping Up With The Kardashians spin-off with her sister, Khloé, — and momager Kris Jenner is not happy. Jenner had planned for Kim to appear on Kourtney & Khloé Take The Hamptons, a KUWTK spin-off filming this summer in New York, but “There’s no way Kanye was going to allow Kim do it,” an insider told Radar. “It’s no secret how much Kanye dislikes and despises Kim’s involvement with reality television, and there was no way it was going to happen so soon after the wedding.” Now, the source says momager Jenner “is furious because she is feeling the pressure from E! and Ryan Seacrest Productions to have Kim on the show instead of her other daughter, Kourtney. The network is afraid that Kourtney & Khloé Take The Hamptons will be a ratings disaster because Kim isn’t going to be a regular on the series.” PHOTO: Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Marry In Florence Shooting begins in the next several weeks, and Khloé is currently spending time in New York City with new boyfriend, French Montana. Immediately after marrying second husband Kris Humphries, Kim voluntarily decided to film Kim & Khloé Take New York, which chronicled the downfall of her marriage of only 72 days. But despite Jenner’s insistence, she won’t head down that path again. PHOTOS: At The Movies: Kimye Takes In Flicks On Honeymoon Meanwhile, Jenner continues to have issues with her new son-in-law, because she won’t allow Kim to be professionally known with the Yeezus rapper’s last name. A source previously told Radar, “There is no way Kris would ever give her blessing for the main cash cow of the Kardashian empire, to not continue to use that name professionally,” insisting that she plans to “fight it tooth and nail.” With the Kardashian name branded on everything from TV shows to retail clothing stores, it’s not surprising that the momager wouldn’t want her “cash cow” to cash out for her new hubby. PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s Outrageous Wedding Brunch At Valetino’s French Chateau What’s more, the source added, “In fact, if Kris thought she could get Kanye to change his last name to Kardashian, sheabsolutely would!” But that won’t be happening any time soon, and neither will an appearance by Kim on the spin-off show. “Kanye doesn’t want her doing anymore reality television than she is contractuallyobligated to do,” the source explained. “If Kim does agree to film, it will likely be without Kanye’s knowledge beforehand!” 
