 In the most recent episode of The Real Housewives of New York City, Sonja Morgan decided to say goodbye to her boyfriend Harry Dubin after he left a party with Countess LuAnn de Lesseps, leaving Morgan to fend on her own. Now, Morgan is speaking out to about the breakup and returning the commitment ring that Dubin had given her the episode before. “I was very touched when Harry gave me the ring and said that he wanted to commit,” she said. “I know Harry loves me and truly wants to work towards a serious and committed relationship. However, after he left the party and didn’t check on me to see if I wanted to go, or if he could drop me home safely, it was not showing me in any way that he was ready to work towards committing . . ..” PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of Real Housewives of New York City — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! So Morgan made the conscious decision to end things with Dubin. “It was hard for me to meet with him at the restaurant and tell him this because I know he comes from a genuine place, but as I said to him at the party when he gave me the ring, ‘Have you really thought this through?” she said. At first, she had thought Dubin was serious. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “There is a lot of responsibility that goes along with commitment,” Morgan explained. “I know Harry had recently broken it off with his long-term girlfriend, so he had been hinting at this for a while.” And Morgan was ready for the commitment. “He knows I’m ripe on the vine for a serious relationship now,” she said. “My daughter is 14 years old now and she’s thriving in school. I sold my house in France. I’m building my companies and everything’s going my way, so I feel secure now that I can be a full partner in a relationship.” PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As . . . But then Dubin decided to leave Morgan stranded, so she knew it was time to let him go. But that doesn’t mean saying goodbye was easy. “When I gave the ring back, to see his heart drop on his face, was very difficult for me,” she said. “Because I love Harry and I will always love him and commitment is another thing.” For Morgan, the moment meant the ending of any type of future they could have together. “Harry says, ‘Never say never,’” she said. “[But] at this point I don’t see a future with Harry in a serious committed way.” PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives As for her friend de Lesseps, Morgan was upset at first that the Countess pulled the exiting stunt. “Luann’s reaction was strange and defensive because boys don’t come between girlfriends; we can discuss everything,” she said, adding, “I was hurt at first because I felt left out.” But time changed her opinion on that situation too, especially after she confronted the Countess about it in person (which aired during the same episode). PHOTOS: When Bitter Hatred Explodes: 25 Stars Who Trashed Talk Other Celebs “It didn’t matter either way if LuAnn slept with Harry,” Morgan said. “I just needed to speak to LuAnn before I spoke to Harry.” “Lu told me she was drinking with Harry and wanted to go out have fun,” Morgan added. “So I’m not mad at her because she had just broke up with Jacques.” She concluded, “Harry will be Harry. Lu will be Lu.” 
