
							ABC’s view from the top could be tumbling down. RadarOnline.com has learned that despite the recent overhaul of The View, network executives are already scrambling to make even more changes, as TV rival The Talk continues to encroach upon its audience.
The View’s revamped look debuted one month ago, complete with a new set and new panel of leading ladies including returning Rosie O’Donnell, actress Rosie Perez, former Republican political talking head Nicolle Wallace, and veteran moderator Whoopi Goldberg. But insiders say ABC honchos are worried the post-Barbara Walters era isn’t bringing in the ratings fast enough — or high enough! — and the makeover may need another makeover.
Indeed, Nielsen ratings for the week of September 22 to 26 show its biggest network competition, CBS’ The Talk, in a dead heat with the Emmy Award-winning show.
PHOTOS: O No She Didn’t! Talk Show Hostess Rosie O’Donnell’s Top 20 Secrets And Scandals
“ABC execs are freaking out,” a source close to the show told Radar. “They’re talking about major changes.”
Not only did the morning talk show get new famous faces, it also got a new boss with former executive producer for MSNBC’s The Rachel Maddow Show and Vice President of primetime programming for the cable news network, Bill Wolff, hired as Executive Producer.
Now, the source said, “There’s a possibility of firing Wolff and even talk of bringing in guest co-hosts, which the show was famous for in past seasons.”
PHOTOS: Reality Television’s 19 Biggest Tragedies
Now neck and neck, The Talk actually tied the second week of a revamped episode of The View in women 25-54 rating (1.1).
That’s disappointing, considering the September 15 premiere of The View had 3.9 million viewers — an all-time best for the show in eight years. And it had originally hit three-year highs among women 18-49.
This comes at a critical time for the acclaimed talk show, which has garnered less-than-positive reactions from the network higher-ups since its premiere four weeks ago, as previously reported by Radar.
PHOTOS: Faked Scenes, Lies And Payoffs! What’s Real And What’s Fake On TV’s Hottest Reality Shows
Goldberg and O’Donnell have also led headlines after fighting over Katie Couric’s former office, leading execs to order the comediennes to play nice, at least while the cameras are rolling.
Which show are you watching? Let us know in the comments!
						