 Amanda Bynes’ parents, Rick and Lynn, are devastated their daughter has made shocking and false allegations that Rick sexually abused the troubled starlet. Rick and Lynn Bynes have released an official statement to RadarOnline.com exclusively through their lawyer, Tamar Arminak. “I am heartbroken today for my husband of 47 years. Rick has been the best father and husband a family can ask for,” the statement reads. “He has never abused Amanda or our other children physically or sexually. These accusations are absolutely horrible and could not be further from the truth! These allegations stem from Amanda’s mental state at the moment. They have no basis in reality. It saddens me beyond belief that my husband’s character could be slandered in such a way.” A family insider, who has known the family for years, tells us, “Rick never sexually abused Amanda. It never happened. Period.” PHOTOS: 28 Bizarre Amanda Bynes Moments — A Timeline Of Trouble In a series of very disturbing Twitter posts, Amanda claimed her father had sexually abused her. “I need to tell the truth about my dad,” Bynes tweeted Friday morning. “My dad was verbally and physically abusive to me as a child,” she wrote. “He called me ugly as a child and then asked me if I wanted to have sex with him and I did not know how to respond and I said no.” PHOTOS: ‘Ugly Models’ to ‘Beauties!’ Who Amanda Bynes Loves And Loathes “I was forced to live with my dad, which was a total nightmare,” she continued. “My dad fondled himself in front of me so many times that I started recording him on my phone in hopes of catching him. My mom knows that my father’s literally and physically incestual towards his own daughter and the fact that she never called the police on him embarrasses me to no end. “So, today I am meeting with a lawyer to get a restraining order against my dad,” she claimed. “I cannot hear the sound of His incestually charged voice ever again and I’m just being honest. I will not be manipulated or brainwashed by anyone anymore.” These are just the latest bizarre claims from the struggling actress. In recent weeks, she has alleged that she is engaged, has a microchip in her brain and will be studying psychology at Columbia University in New York shortly. PHOTOS: Amanda Bynes Transformation From Child Star To Hot Mess The father-daughter relationship between Rick and Amanda has always been “very strained“…Rick is very strict, but nevertheless, loves his daughter. He knows this is Amanda’s mental health issues,” a source told Radar. “Of course, he absolutely never sexually abused Amanda. They have had yelling matches, but Rick never called her ugly. It has been very hard for him to accept Amanda has schizophrenia, and in a way, feels that he has failed her. Amanda is obviously trying to push the family away, but they know it’s the schizophrenia, and not their daughter,” the source added. Story developing… 
