 Nancy Grace caused a major stir in the WWE community when she had Diamond Dallas Page on to talk about the death of the famed wrestler, Ultimate Warrior, when she insinuated steroids likely played a role. Since the early April appearance, the WWE has placed an unofficial ban on Grace’s HLN show — and the TV host exclusively tells she’s “deeply saddened” by the ban but welcomes anyone, including Page, on the show to tag team her in a drug battle. “I’m deeply, deeply sadden by the WWE unofficial ban from my show. I am a huge, huge wrestling fan,” Grace, 54, told Radar. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young “Steroid use is rampant in WWE and professional sports. From the Tour de France to baseball to the NFL. So I invite whoever is brave enough and man enough to come on my show and tag team me. The truth will come out. Before they leave I want to see a spinning toe hold. They can even put me in the atomic elbow and we’ll see who comes out on top.” And although the former Dancing With The Stars contestant is standing firm in her belief, she also tells Radar she’s open to hearing other opinions. “I am inviting everyone or anyone from the WWE on my show for a one-hour special so they can correct all of my misconceptions,” she said. ‘Bombshell Tonight!’ Nancy Grace Signs New HLN Contract, Warns She’ll Be ‘Giving Evil Doers & Bad Guys Hell For The Next Three Years’ “I invite Diamond Dallas Page and any of his WWE friends to come on my show. It was a great pleasure to meet my longtime hero Diamond Dallas Page. He is even more handsome in person and was a charming gentleman in every way, even inviting me to do yoga with him after the show. He can feel free to ambush me anytime.” As Radar exclusively reported last week, Page said he felt ambushed by Grace while appearing on her show. “I was asked to go on her show and talk about Warrior the man. I was even given bullet points from her producers about the topics we would discuss. After seeing the topics which were pretty basic,” Page said. ‘Every Man’s Heart One Day Beats Its’ Final Beat’: Pro Wrestling Legend Warrior Dead At 54, Days After Prophetic Statement In Triumphant Return To WWE “I felt it would be great to go on and discuss the legend he was and how I got to know him… That’s the warrior that I wanted to discuss on her show. However, it’s clear I was ambushed.” Fallout from the show was so intense, that a related petition on change.org to CNN — parent network of HLN — was started calling for Grace’s job. But Grace isn’t worried, adding, “I have a son and a daughter who play sports and I hope they’re not tempted to ever use steroids.” 
