
							Jitters about being a first-time grandma?
Real Housewives of Orange County star Tamra Barney appears to have had some work done to her face, a top plastic surgeon out of New York exclusively tells RadarOnline.com.
While chatting with Bravo’s Andy Cohen Monday night on Watch What Happens Live, Barney looks a little different than in the past and Dr. Norman Rowe — who has not treated Barney — suspects a combo of fillers and an eyelid lift.
PHOTOS: Help, I Can’t Move My Face! 25 True Tales Of Hollywood’s Plastic Surgery Addiction
“It looks Like Tamra has had her cheeks augmented, most likely with a liquid volumizer or filler,” Dr. Rowe told Radar.
“Not only do her cheeks appear fuller, but her nasolabial crease (wrinkle on either side of the nose) is diminished. This is a sign of a a filler having been used. Also her upper eyelids appear to have a deeper inset. I believe she has had an upper blepharoplasty (eyelid lift). This involves removing skin and fat from the upper eyelid to produce a more rejuvenated appearance.”
Barney isn’t the first, and certainly won’t be the last, of the Housewives franchise to attempt a more youthful look.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
“It’s no surprise that the Real Housewives cast with the most cosmetic work resides in the plastic surgery capital of the world: Beverly Hills,” plastic surgeon Dr. Anthony Youn exclusively told Radar last year.
“In fact, just over a year ago the cast members from RHOBH went on the Judith Regan Show on Sirius XM and each one admitted to which plastic surgeries they’ve had done! The cast member with potentially the least amount of work, Lisa Vanderpump, admitted to pumping her face up with a ‘Bucket of Botox.’”
And Barney’s RHOC co-star Alexis Bellino admitted to a nose job in 2011.
PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget
“Most people don’t even know I had a nose job,” the blonde housewife said.
“They notice something [new] about me. It’s perked up my face.”
What do you think of Tamra’s new look? Sound off in the comments below…
						