 As reports continue to swirl that Judge Esther Salas ordered Teresa Giudice to serve her prison sentence at Danbury Federal Camp, RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained court documents revealing it was merely a recommendation, and the Bureau of Prisons will ultimately decide where the reality starlet will do her time. According to a minute order for a hearing that took place on October 22, Judge Salas, prosecutors, Giudice’s attorney, and the mother of four all participated in the proceedings on a telephone conference call on that date. Giudice’s “application to amend the Judgement of Conviction to recommend FCI, Danbury Satellite Camp or in the alternative FPC Alderson, West Virginia to the Bureau of Prisons” was considered, the documents state. Read The Court Documents After discussion, the “order application [was] granted.” Despite reports, Judge Salas did not order Giudice to serve her 15 month sentence at Danbury, but merely provided it as one of several options. Furthermore, Federal Bureau of Prison’s spokesperson Chris Burke told RadarOnline.com, “Only the bureau determines where an inmate serves their time. We take the recommendation of the judge under consideration and try to place the individual within 500 miles of their home to facilitate visits with family.” PHOTOS: ‘You Gotta Lie!’ Teresa And Joe Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Their Fraud Charges & Financial Issues Giudice could be ordered to surrender to either Danbury or Alderson in West Virginia. Other factors such as prison vacancies, and Giudice’s probation report, will figure into where she is sent, the official previously told us. After Martha Stewart was convicted for insider trading, the judge recommended she be sent to Danbury, but was ultimately ordered to Alderson. PHOTOS: Growing Up ‘Too Fast?’ See Gia Giudice’s Racy Girl Band In Promo Shots Giudice will be notified via the mail in the weeks leading up to her surrender date, about which correctional facility she will serve her sentence. Giudice is expected to surrender by January 5. Her request to serve her prison sentence in a halfway house was denied. 
