
							Several years before Mickey Rooney passed away, he filmed a piece with comedian and actor Jonathan Winters, that ended up on the cutting room floor — but RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained the never-before-seen footage.
The footage was shot in Sept. 2005, and shows Rooney and Winters having lunch at Piatti Italian restaurant in Montecito, Calif., which is now the Montecito Wine Bistro.
“Earlier that day, we shot a scene with Mickey at Jonathan’s house in Montecito for Certifiably Jonathan,” a production source told Radar, referring to the 2007 documentary on Winters.
Shocking Stories You Didn’t Believe But Turned Out To Be True
“In that scene, Mickey was giving Jonathan suggestions on how to find his lost sense of humor. Unfortunately, although really funny, the scene ended up on the cutting room floor.”
In the footage obtained by Radar, the late Rooney is singing a touching song about a make believe cowboy — ending with the
“Before i know it, he’ll be growing right through cowboy years. He’s my make believe cowboy, and he rides canyons deep. And he talks about wrestlers, till he’s fast asleep,” Rooney sang.
“He’s quick on the draw, when he says to his pa, ‘Pardon?’ Reach for the sky, he’s my make believe cowboy, until the day I die.”
		
			
			
		
		
Producers tell Radar that after Rooney’s death, the clip of the song became eerily relevant.
“We often kept the cameras rolling at lunch because we never knew what kind of gems we might discover,” Radar was told.
“And we got quite a few of them that day.”
People We Love! Hollywood’s Most Inspiring Rogues, Renegades & Rule Breakers
The clips are part of a lot up for auction on eBay that includes over 200 hours of never-before-seen footage of Winters with his celebrity friends, the full documentary Certifiably Jonathan, and all foreign territory sales. Rights in the United States have already been sold.
Bidding ends on April 14 and has an opening bid of $199,000.
As Radar previously reported, after Rooney died at 93 on April 6, it was revealed that the funny guy had been forced to sell autographs after being fleeced for millions, and his will sadly reveals he was only worth $18,000 at the time of his death.
Winters passed away of natural causes in 2013 at the age of 87.
						