
							According to Apollo Nida, no good deed goes unpunished. The Real Housewives of Atlanta star insists that his recent charity scandal is all one big misunderstanding, and that he never intended to bring negative publicity to anyone involved. “Not only am I facing legal troubles, but to have something like this [happen]?” Nida tells Radar exclusively. “…I get attacked for doing good things.”
As Radar reported, Nida was approached by Chase DeCarlo of Dio Bambini to host a charity event in Chicago. DeCarlo told Radar he was “feeling really leery” about giving the star a deposit for the Chicago event, since it was scheduled to take place weeks after Nida’s impending court date and Nida was “pressuring me to book him.”
PHOTOS: Brawls, Huge Lies & Collapses: The 30 Most Outrageous And Over The Top Reality TV Moments
But Nida tells Radar, “I’m not even the person in correspondence with this guy,” insisting his branding manager was handling the negotiations.
“I have a marketing and booking company that books me and markets me and brands me,” Nida explains, adding, “All of my stuff is official.”
In fact, according to his “attorney drawn-up contract,” obtained by Radar, Nida would have been required to return his 50% deposit on $2,000 even if he didn’t go through with the event.
READ Apollo Nida’s Contract With Charity Revealed
“There’s a clause that says if I don’t show it’s refunded,” he explains. As for the $2,000 fee, he says, “I’m not going to go to a charity event in Chicago for free,” since he would need to pay for travel and expenses. As such, Nida says his proposed fee of $2,000 was “very generous.”
And now, he feels like he was being used as a pawn. “Don’t lure me in just because you’re trying to get publicity,” Nida says. “I do not call people and say, ‘Hey do you want to pay me to go to a function?'”
Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs – The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows
He continues, “You do not pull out some ploy like this … Yo duo not throw children out there like, ‘Come do this, do that.’ That’s really not cool.”
Nida tells Radar. “This is how I feed my family and how I feed myself. What the hell?”
WATCH: Apollo Nida Tells His Side Of The Story

						