
							As if being a New York Times bestselling author, working model, and part-time real estate agent weren’t enough to keep a girl busy, RadarOnline.com has learned that Courtney Robertson could be planning a return to the small screen — in her own show!
The former Bachelor star has been back in the news in a big way in recent weeks thanks to the runaway success of her memoir, I Didn’t Come Here To Make Friends: Confessions Of A Reality Show Villain. And with the book shooting up the charts, she tells Radar, both TV and movie producers have come calling.
“I’ve been approached to do a reality TV show about my life and my friends and finding love,” Robertson told Radar.
PHOTOS: Explosive Fights, Shocking Arrests And Girlfriends Back Home: Top 10 ‘Bachelorette’ Secrets And Scandals Revealed!
And while intrigued by the idea, she admitted, “It’s terrifying to think of putting yourself out there on that level!”
In the meantime, she said, “I’ve definitely had a couple movie producers read the book and approach me. I was like, how do you make a movie out of a TV show?!”
She also revealed that she’s “definitely thinking about” writing a second book.
Once a self-described Bachelor villain at the center of Ben Flajnik’s season in 2010, Robertson, 31, is finally telling her story by way of her book — and has been amazed at the positive response from Bachelor Nation.
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Eligible Royal Bachelorettes
“It’s been so much fun!” she said. “I didn’t know what to expect leading up to the book coming up, but it’s been really positive.”
“It’s the best feeling in the world,” she continued. “I didn’t write the book to change everyone’s opinion of me. I’m like, blown away by how nice everyone’s being about it. After the last two years were such a nightmare and so stressful, I didn’t know what to expect.”
But fans have gobbled up her dishy revelations. about the fantasy suite, what really happened during her skinny-dipping sesh with Flajnik and more, putting the book at #5 on the New York Times bestsellers list for ebooks.
Have you read Robertson’s book? Would you watch her on air again? Let us know in the comments!
						