 She’s a star on the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, but apparently it’s not a prerequisite to actually be a housewife, nor live in Beverly Hills! Fan favorite Brandi Glanville has been divorced from ex-hubby Eddie Cibrian since 2010 and despite often being photographed in Beverly Hills, she doesn’t live there and while currently house hunting is looking for a home in the Valley, is exclusively reporting. PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives Interestingly, it was Glanville, 41, who tried to stir drama with fellow Housewives star Lisa Vanderpump by announcing on her podcast show that the British beauty didn’t always live in the 90210 but actually lived in … gasp! … the Valley. “On our show, there are certain people who want to project this perfect persona like there’s nothing wrong in the world,” Glanville said at the time. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “Like, Lisa Vanderpump used to live deep in the Valley and was filing for bankruptcy — and she doesn’t want to talk about that. That’s interesting to me.” Vanderpump adamantly denied both the bankruptcy and living in the Valley, to which Glanville blamed the incorrect info on hearsay from another Housewife, Kyle Richards. As Radar has exclusively reported, Glanville and her two sons; Mason, 11, and Jake, 7, are currently in between homes after the lease on their last house expired. PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget And surprise, surprise, she’s looking in the Valley. In fact, the reality TV star was close to signing a lease on a house in Encino, Calif. before it unexpectedly fell through. “It’s really starting to wear on Brandi! She just wants to have somewhere to call her own, even if they’re just renting. At least it’s stability for her boys,” a source previously told Radar. PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! “She finds a place she likes, but then the landlord or renter realizes who she is and doesn’t want to risk the drama that comes along with her shooting the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.” So what do you think about Bravo casting women that are not housewives, and do not even live in the city the title touts?! Sound off in the comments below… 
