 Housewives of New York … you’re fired! As the current season of the Real Housewives of New York continues to tank in the ratings, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Bravo bosses have decided to axe the entire cast — except for Ramona Singer. In fact, sources tell Radar, auditions for new ladies are already underway! “Bravo doesn’t want to cancel the series because New York is the unofficial capital of the United States,” an insider told Radar. “The amount of wealth concentrated into such a small area makes it a major draw.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise But the series sinking ratings are simply unacceptable, and so, “The entire current cast, including Sonja Morgan, Heather Thomas, Luann de Lesseps, and Carole Radzwill are all expected to get pinks slips,” the source said. At this point, “Ramona will most likely be offered a contract to come back,” according to the source, “and Aviva Drescher could be offered a much smaller role, of series guest star.” PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives As for the new cast members, the insider explained, “Expect them to be over-the-top wealthy and very charismatic with multiple estates.” Though the current series’ stars have plenty of drama in their personal lives — cheating scandals, bankruptcies, and boy toys – much of the major excitement has happened off-screen. As a result, viewers have been tuning out in increasing numbers since the first episode, which brought in a measly 1.33 million viewers — the lowest number since the show debuted. PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes Indeed, the episode that aired on June 17, garnered fewer than one million viewers for the first time since the series premiered in 2008, according to BravoRatings.com. “The ladies just aren’t connecting with viewers and they need something major to happen to them,” a source previously told Radar. PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! Are you watching this season of the Real Housewives of New York City? Why or why not? Do you agree with Bravo to fire the cast? Sound off in comments. 
