 Dancing With The Stars pro Karina Smirnoff so desperately wants to be a mother, she’s been meeting with a fertility doctor to go over options for freezing her eggs and is even considering using a sperm donor, is exclusively reporting. The 36-year-old dancer has had no luck in the long-term romance department, so she wants to make sure she’s got her bases covered when it comes to kids in her future. PHOTOS: Behind-The-Scene Exclusive! 15 Scandals & Secrets Of The All-New ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Cast “Karina Smirnoff has frozen her eggs and is considering going the route of a sperm donor,” a source close to the Ukrainian brunette told Radar. “She hasn’t been too successful in dating and desperately wants a baby, so she’s been working with a fertility doctor since last fall to discuss her options.” According to the source, Smirnoff hasn’t had any serious prospects for a baby daddy since her relationship with MLB pitcher Brad Penny ended in 2011, so she’s focusing on herself. PHOTOS: Bikini Wars – Dancing With The Stars “She’s been single for so long, but is 100% sure she wants at least two children. She knows she’s not getting any younger and she wants to make sure she doesn’t miss her chance,” the source told Radar. “Karina said she isn’t going to wait for the right guy to come along. She has money and she is very secure and steady in her life — so she’s going to focus on herself and her happiness.” Smirnoff has been with DWTS for 15 seasons but according to the source, it’s motherhood in her future. “She has not yet selected a sperm donor as she is dating much more seriously — she’s leaning on her close friends to help introduce her to someone looking to have kids and really ready to settle down,” the insider added. PHOTOS: Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs! What’s Real & What’s Fake On TV’s Hottest Reality Shows “She’s said if she doesn’t feel it’s the right fit with anyone by the time she’s 39, she’ll go ahead and do it on her own. She wants to have her first child when she turns 40.” Do you think Smirnoff’s making a smart choice, or should she wait to settle down with someone? Sound off in the comments below… 
