 Single sexpot Sonja Morgan seemed about to get her happy ending with Prince Charming Harry Dubin in the most recent episode of The Real Housewives of New York City, when presented her with a commitment ring. Online reports quickly slammed the scene as more reality TV fakery, but now, Morgan is speaking out exclusively to to set the record straight about the scene — and her relationship with Dubin. “There’s nothing fake about Harry Dubin,” Morgan told Radar. “Harry genuinely spoke from his heart and said he wants to commit.” PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of Real Housewives of New York City — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! “He also said that this was not THE ring — he was going to have another one made and that it was not an engagement ring,” Morgan continued. “But it was a gesture to let me know how much he loves and cares for me.” Even before the romantic scene unfolded, Morgan was convinced that Dubin was ready to move forward with their relationship. “Harry has been talking about committing with me for some time now, since his relationship of three or four years ended about a year ago,” she said. PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives But she has been hesitant to commit because of their past: Morgan claims Dubin cheated on her during their previous attempt to make their relationship work. “When I put the ring in my bag, it’s because I too am scared to commit with Harry after his infidelity over 25 years ago, when I was dating Harry seriously,” she said of the episode. Now, she claimed, it’s a different story. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “You would have to be blind to not see how much Harry loves me and I love Harry,” she told Radar. Morgan also said that despite reports, Ramona and Mario Singer did not provide her with the ring that Harry gave her. “Ramona, LuAnn [de Lesseps], and Carole [Radziwill] have all said how obvious it is that Harry and I are soulmates, but commitment is a very big step that has to be thought through,” Morgan said. “Do I wish Harry went to Tiffany & Co. and bought a $200 ring rather than having to be nudged by Ramona? Yes. But that’s Harry.” PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As . . . “I most certainly did not give Harry the ring to give to me,” she insisted. “I had no idea what Harry was going to do and I was very touched. It’s totally real.” In fact, Morgan claimed that the present was Dubin’s way of holding onto her. PHOTOS: When Bitter Hatred Explodes: 25 Stars Who Trashed Talk Other Celebs “Harry knows I’m ripe on the vine right now and he doesn’t want to lose me,” she said. 
