
							Brooks Ayers is fighting back against allegations that he secretly admitted to cheating on his Real Housewives of Orange County girlfriend Vicki Gunvalson in an audio recorded as part of an undercover sting, exclusively telling RadarOnline.com the whole thing is a publicity stunt.
As the National ENQUIRER was first to report, the alleged audio has him confessing to sleeping with hookers, and could shatter his relationship with Gunvalson.
“I’ve been known to cheat,” Ayers says on the tapes, recorded in a Las Vegas hotel when he voluntarily met with a business associate after an attempt to settle a lawsuit.
PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As…
“This is a desperate attempt to seek publicity in a case that is nearing trial,” Ayers told Radar on Wednesday in an exclusive statement.
“The case is about business partners choosing not to be in business together. The case has nothing to do with my personal life.”
Deflecting from the cheating allegations, Ayers focuses on the lawsuit in which he and Gunvalson have been locked in a legal battle over her self-named booze line with two business partners, one of whom they claim failed to perform his obligations to the business, tried to extort her and leveled the shocking claim that he operates an “unlicensed revenue-raising gambling venture.”
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
“I remain in high hopes that the legal process will reveal the truth,” Ayers continued, “and justice will be served.”
As Radar previously reported, Ayers allegedly also admits to checking into rehab for a sex addiction in 2006.
“I recorded [Brooks] out of an abundance of caution, specifically at the request of Vicki Gunvalson,” the business man who made the tapes told the ENQUIRER.
“She asked me to help Brooks. Given his background, I did not want this guy walking away making false claims about our time. Who knows what he would have said.”
Stay with RadarOnline.com for more developments in this story…
						