
							Jennifer Hudson and her WWE star fiancé David Otunga have been engaged for six years— and it doesn’t seem like the couple is any closer to saying “I do.”
RadarOnline.com can exclusively report that the parents to 5-year-old David Jr. have been leading separate lives for months.
One of the last times they were spotted together in public, the Oscar winner and her 34-year-old wrestler beau arrived to the Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington, DC on January 18, 2014— but Otunga looked irritable and worse for wear.
PHOTOS: Jennifer At President Obama’s 50th Birthday Party In Chicago
Fameflynet
Then, nearly eight months later, the couple made a rare appearance at the singer’s 33rd birthday party.




 From family , to my love , to my favorite artist ! It was a jazzy nite !
A photo posted by Jennifer Hudson (@iamjhud) on Sep 13, 2014 at 8:36pm PDT


Though Otunga posted a photo on Instagram of he and Hudson celebrating David Jr.’s last day of preschool and first day of kindergarten, it seems as though he has missed many of his fiancee’s milestones.
Otunga was a no-show at Hudson’s JHUD album release party in New York on September 22, and she posed alone on the red carpet at Clive Davis’ Pre-Grammy soiree in February, and at the Tony Awards and BET Awards in June. He also skipped out on her performance at the Stand Up To Cancer charity concert on September 5.
Getty
Getty
Getty
Radar can exclusively reveal that the wedding has been canceled at least once.
“They were originally planning to tie the knot in October 2010, but it was called off,” an insider close to the couple tells Radar. “At this point, it doesn’t seem like a wedding will ever happen.”
On September 25, Wendy Williams asked the headstrong singer why she’s waited so long to marry the Harvard grad.
PHOTOS: The Most Shocking Celebrity Weight Losses Of 2011
“My thing is once I get married, I don’t believe in divorce, so when I get married, it’s for good,” she explained. “We want to be completely sure we are together, we’re happy.”
Do you think Jennifer and David are done? Sound off in the comments.
						