 Just one episode in to this season of Dancing with the Stars, has learned that chemistry is already heating up on and off the dance floor. According to an insider, pro Val Chmerkovskiy and his partner, Pretty Little Liars star Janel Parrish, have set the rumor mill spinning with their undeniable chemistry and “touchy feely” behavior. For those who have been watching them dance in the competition, it sure looked that way this past week. PHOTOS:Behind-The-Scene Exclusive! 15 Scandals & Secrets Of The All-New ‘Dancing With The Stars’ Cast “They looked like they were about to hook up,” a source close to production tells. “They looked like they were getting hot and steamy on the dance floor.” And according to the source, the chemistry doesn’t stop there. “They spend so much time together and they are so touchy feely and all over each other,” the source said. “It happens sometimes on the show.” PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! But usually the DWTS flings don’t last long. “It’s a short-lived romance,” the source explained. “You spend so much time with that person and then it’s over.” “It usually doesn’t last past the finale, but it is normal,” the source said. “It’s like a short-lived romance. It’s like going on spring break or a teen tour. You go away for six weeks and find a boyfriend and go back to high school and it’s over.” PHOTOS: Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! And the show likes to promote these romances. “They stage these showmances,” the source said. “It’s like with Kelly Monaco and Val. They were really never together.” More recently, Val’s brother Maksim was rumored to be getting close to his partner, Meryl Davis, but as reported they were just friends. But whether the relationship pans out or not, the source says it could only help Val. “The only way that Val works well with someone, he has to have chemistry with his partner,” the source said. “And the last time Val was flirtatious was with Kelly,” the source said. “Kelly and him went to the finals. And on screen now, it looks like he has chemistry with Janel.” PHOTOS: The Cheating Scandal To Score A Reality TV Show But there’s just one problem: Parrish is already in a relationship with someone else, fellow actor, Payson Lewis. “Janel has a boyfriend,” the source said. “Her boyfriend was even in the audience on Sept. 15.” But who knows what could happen over the next few weeks. Said the source, “It might turn into” a showman — or the real thing! 
