
							He claimed he wasn’t racist, and now Donald Sterling is trying to prove it by going on a romantic weekend getaway with his young new African American girlfriend, and RadarOnline.com has all the exclusive photos and details.
According to an eyewitness, Sterling, 80, checked into the JW Marriott resort in Palm Desert, Calif. on Friday evening and was all over a new woman — not his alleged ex-mistress V Stiviano or estranged wife Shelly Sterling.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Donald Sterling With New Girlfriend On Romantic Weekend Getaway
“Donald checked into the Marriott on Friday and was with a new much-younger girlfriend,” the spywitness told Radar.
“He didn’t seem to have a care in the world and it looked pretty clear why that chick was with him. They were being really affectionate with each other.”
In the photos obtained by Radar, Sterling is seen in black pants and a simple black t-shirt checking into the hotel with a young lady in denim shorts and a pink shirt.
PHOTOS: Sports Sex Scandals
A second eyewitness tells Radar they saw Sterling shopping with his new gal pal earlier in the day on June 13 at Saks Fifth Avenue in Palm Desert.
“He was shopping at Saks with a new black girl,” the eyewitness told Radar.
“He was also socializing with a black worker there as well, which I found very ironic.”
Sterling left his problems with the Los Angeles Clippers behind, soaking up the sun just two hours outside the city.


Donald Sterling at JW Marriott in Palm Springs. @TMZ pic.twitter.com/yiBbebhu6r
— CJ (@cj_danvers) June 15, 2014

As Radar previously reported, Sterling is not giving up ownership of his NBA team without a fight, after he was banned from the organization and fined the maximum $2.5 million for leaked audio with Stiviano in which he made racist remarks. ​
In an effort to keep his team, Sterling had his legal team hire four different private investigation firms to reportedly dig up dirt on members of the NBA.​
Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions
Sterling is allegedly having the PIs look into former and current NBA commissioners and the 29 other owners. They’ll be investigating to see if any of the other owners ever have made “off-colored jokes or racist or sexist remarks.”
Sterling has filed a $1 billion lawsuit against the NBA and hasn’t signed off on his wife’s agreement with Ballmer.
						