
							Jenelle Evans has not had full custody of her son Jace Evans since he was born and the pregnant Teen Mom has minimal contact with his birth father but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that she was furious when she learned that he’s been attempting to visit their son at daycare, even though he’s banned from the center.
Andrew Lewis and Evans never married and even though he’s been an absentee father he has recently been sneaking in secret visits with Jace.
“He has told people that he has gone four times to try and visit Jace at daycare,” a source close to the situation told Radar.
Jenelle Evans: 18 Secrets, Scandals & Lies From The Controversial ‘Teen Mom’ Star’s Troubled Life
“They snuck him in one time but Andrew’s not on the approved list of visitors so they started turning him away.”
Barbara Evans, affectionately known as Babs, has been caring for Jace and the source said she doesn’t take these visits lightly.
“Babs went over to daycare and took Jace home when she heard Andrew was trying to visit.”
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Arrested And Bloodied After Fight With Courtland
Fears for Jace’s safety are at the top of her priority list.
“Babs takes care of him full time and she certainly doesn’t want Andrew to just go into the daycare to see Jace.  He owes her something like $10,000 in child support and he never pays or shows up.”
The source also said the daycare is very secure.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Bikini Pregnant Baby Bump
“Thankfully there is a digital code lock on the front door and the only visitors that can even step foot into the daycare are Jenelle and Barbara,” the source told Radar.
Despite Lewis’ efforts to surreptitiously see his son, the source said he has been offered visitation many times over the years.
PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Mom’s 20 Most Shocking Scandals
“Andrew’s been told that he can come and visit any time.  But he has to pay his child support too and stop trying to get custody in court, they’ve shut him down four times!”
However, Lewis has complained that Evans should be making the trip to see him with their son.
“Andrew thinks that Jenelle should bring Jace to see him, not the other way around.  He brags that he gave the boy life and that’s enough for now.
“Plus he always says that he sends her money and she spends it on junk or pawns stuff he gives her to buy drugs.  They don’t get along at all and he’s pretty sure he’s never going to see Jace while he’s young.”
						