 Jailed mobster James “Whitey” Bulger sits in confinement nearly 24 hours per day and in new jailhouse letters exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com, the 84-year-old kingpin reveals his health is failing him and he has a heart condition he fears will eventually result in a heart attack, and death. Bulger was sentenced to two life terms in prison in 2013 when he was was found living on the beach in Santa Monica with his girlfriend Catherine Greig after being on the run for 16 years — Bulger was found guilty of racketeering and conspiracy for his role in the murder of 11 people while he led the notorious Winter Hill Gang. EXCLUSIVE: Read The Jailhouse Letters From Mob Boss Whitey Bulger About His Failing Health & Nightmares “Today spent first being transported to Fed. Court in Boston long trip in van . . . chain and cuffs in small all-metal compartment — feared going into AFIB felt if I died I’d die in there,” Bulger wrote to a pen pal from his cell in letters obtained by Radar. “New thing that’s very uncomfortable is irregular heartbeat — what next? Had nose bleed and can’t touch face very easy (cuff with box) chain etc.” Bulger’s cursive handwriting is fluid and hard to read at times, but the mobster makes note of his health in nearly every handwritten letter. PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder “I have come down with a heart problem in here that has forced me to cut back in my exercise routine. Have to avoid triggering AFIB attack — could cause serious stroke or death — just like a painful heart attack been hospitalized twice for it,” he admits. “So have made adjustments in exercise — don’t want to quit altogether and vegetate.” In another letter with his pen pal Bulger reveals that despite the fact he will undoubtedly die in prison, he could never take his own life. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time “I’m down and future bleak but will continue to fight and will never try to escape by suicide,” he writes, “that would be unbearable to my Catholic family.” On top of Bulger’s heart issues, the notorious mobster complains that he can’t sleep well, waking up with nightmares every time he closes his eyes. “I didn’t sleep yesterday and last night — felt weak and dizzy could feel my heart pounding — nurse said my pulse erratic so they gave me an EKG to make sure I wasn’t going into AFIB — all went okay — feel good now,” Bulger wrote. PHOTOS: Check Out Whitey’s Massive Stash “Forgive me if I seem rushed, etc and down it’s combination of weather, age etc and lack of exercise — have routine but heart condition forces me to go real slow. When I wake up I’m off balance and have had bad nightmares (every time I sleep) woke up heart pounding, perspiring, and glad to be alive. “Dreams are rough, Catherine would sleep soundly all night and be asleep in minutes — took me hours to get to sleep and would wake up with nightmares 4 or 5 times each night — to bed at 4am or so. I’d ask Catherine, “How do you do it, sleep right away and all night” she would smile and say “Clear Conscience” my reply “Touché — you got me” It was an honest answer.” PHOTOS: The Most Intriguing Cold Cases In History Radar was the first to expose the legendary mobster’s intimate prison thoughts with the publishing of his first jailhouse letter last August. 
