
							Oprah Winfrey, Cher, Lady Gaga and Jennifer Lopez have all appeared on Andy Cohen’s Watch What Happens Live – but one diva’s outrageous demands surpassed those of all the other superstar guests.
In his new tell-all, Cohen, 46, spills all about “handful” Mariah Carey’s visit to his hit Bravo talk show last year.
Cohen says was initially thrilled when her publicist said the notoriously difficult singer would grace the clubhouse with her glamorous presence just before Christmas on December 18, 2013.
PHOTOS: The 18 Biggest Male Divas In Hollywood
“Would that not be a great way to end the year? Am I not the luckiest person?” he writes in his book The Andy Cohen Diaries: A Deep Look At A Shallow Year.
Turns out he wasn’t so lucky.
Before the Big Day, he dished to new pal Katy Perry about his guest’s strange requests.
PHOTOS: Girls Gone Bad: 19 Unbelievable Diva Moments
“I alluded to the challenges associated with some bookings,” he cryptically writes. “What I didn’t mention was the ‘Do Not Mention’ list, which basically boils down to not discussing any other lady singer.”
Though the newly single singer was expected to arrive for the taping at 6 pm, “Mariah’s people pushed the taping a half an hour three or four times,” he continues. “She finally was in the chair around 8 pm. (The audience had to have been extra-hammered.)”
When her entourage finally showed up, “I went over the ‘Do Not Mention’ list with her people,” he writes.
PHOTOS: Ten Sexy Singers Before They Were Famous
Mariah then asked that her host move his traditional spot so she could showcase her “better side.”
“I surrendered my seat to her,” he says. “It was weird doing the show from the left!”
Later in the book, he says he spilled all about the visit to friend Lady Gaga, claiming “I couldn’t resist telling her about Mariah’s lighting requirements.”
PHOTOS: Mariah Carey Through the Years
Despite the high-maintenance appearance, Cohen insists his experience with the “elusive chanteuse” was positive.
“She is clearly a handful but she knows her sh*t and I enjoyed her,” he writes. “I want her to come back.”
						