 Kendra Wilkinson‘s husband of five years, Hank Baskett, abruptly left their Calabasas, Calif. home on Friday, has exclusively learned. The explosive development comes just one month after Wilkinson gave birth to the couple’s second child, Alijah Mary Baskett. PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control A reporter for The National ENQUIRER exclusively tells that Baskett was spotted speeding away from the home he shares with Wilkinson in their gated community around 4 p.m. PT in his white Jeep, before landing at a local motel. “Hank was wearing a royal blue NBA shirt and long khaki shorts. He got out of the Jeep with a woman who appeared to possibly be one of the couples’ baby nurses because she was wearing a medical type uniform,” the eyewitness tells. PHOTOS: Top Five Reality Families “They went into the office of the motel and then pulled the jeep around to the other side where their room was located. Hank appeared disoriented and downtrodden. At one point, he kicked the ground.” Earlier in the day Baskett, 31, attended a Major League Gaming Competition in Anaheim with his father, Hank Baskett Sr. “Mornin yall! @MrHankBaskettSr & I are on our way down to the #MLGAnaheim championships. Small road trip with pops=good times,” he tweeted. PHOTOS: The 15 Most Shocking Splits Of Reality Television Couples Baskett returned to the couple’s home where something possibly ensued, triggering the hostile hotel check in. Wilkinson, 29, posted an upbeat and positive Twitter message on Thursday — not realizing just a day later the father of her two children would leaving the home. “Today will be a great day. I know it. #CarpeDiem #smile #happiness #love #positivevibes.” PHOTOS: Reality Television’s 19 Biggest Tragedies After checking into the motel, the eyewitness tells exclusively that he briefly came back out before quickly retreating back into the motel. “An hour later, he emerged from the room but then returned back inside,” the source said. Baskett and Wilkinson were married on June 27, 2009 and have two children together; Hank Baskett IV, 4, and Alijah Mary, 36-days. MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
