 The controversial photo of Will and Jada Pinkett Smith‘s daughter, Willow, 13, in bed with actor Moises Arias, 20, prompted child protective services to open an investigation into the A-list actors, is exclusively reporting. “The Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services opened the investigation into Will and Jada after the picture of Willow was posted on social media,”  a source told. “The department received an anonymous tip about the welfare and safety of Willow, based on the contents of the photo.” PHOTOS: Will Smith & Jada On Family Vacation broke the story: the investigation into Willow was officially opened last week. “The investigation was formally opened last week and is being taken very seriously by the department,” an insider previously told. “Will and Jada Pinkett Smith have been extremely cooperative with officials. Of course, they aren’t happy that their parenting skills are under scrutiny, but they understand.” PHOTOS: Actors Who Can Sing The source revealed, “Social workers will also be talking separately with Willow, and they also want to talk to the young man in the picture with her as well. This won’t just be one or two visits with the family, and it will likely be an open investigation for at least a month, out of an abundance of caution.” Earlier this month controversy erupted after Arias posted a picture of himself in bed with 13-year-old Willow on social media. In the black and white pic, the precocious Smith daughter is clad in jeans and a shirt, while Arias is, at the very least, shirtless, and his lower half is underneath bedsheets. PHOTOS: Whipping It Back And Forth! 24 Celebrity Hair Chameleons Arias, who’s best known for his stint on Hannah Montana, later deleted the shot with the “Whip My Hair” singer shortly after posting it. Willow’s mom Jada later lashed out at photographers at LAX when asked about the provocative picture. “Here’s the deal,” Jada said on May 7. PHOTOS: Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith Celebrate Trey Smith’s 21st “There was nothing sexual about that picture or that situation. You guys are projecting your trash onto it. You’re acting like covert pedophiles and that’s not cool.” Story developing….. 
