
							Brandi Glanville’s shocking rant where she called her youngest son a “complete a**hole,” a “d*ck” and a “f**ker” has caused a swift backlash against her and RadarOnline.com spoke with a nationally recognized expert in parenting and childhood trauma who described her words as “abusive” and said she is an “incompetent parent.”
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star made the offensive comments about her 7-year-old son Jake Cibrian on her recent podcast Brandi Glanville Unfiltered.
 PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! 
“My son’s name is Jake: He’s 7, he’s a complete a**hole, but we love him. Oh man, he’s a d*ck, seriously,” the 41-year-old mother of two said.
“What kind of mother would even say that about a 7-year-old that has a brain?” Dr. Sue Cornbluth questioned to Radar, and then slammed her remarks.
Listen to the Podcast (WARNING: Language & Content Is Explicit)
“That makes her look like an abusive, incompetent parent.” 
Dr. Cornbluth, who has not treated Glanville or her children with ex-husband Eddie Cibrian, said she was shocked by the rant, telling Radar using derogatory terms about her children “is not even funny.  This is sending out the wrong message.”
 PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget 
She continued, saying “She did it I’m sure to bring herself publicity but I’m appalled by the names she called her son. Kids out there are being called that every day and it’s called emotional abuse.”
Glanville also called Jake a “f*cker,” which shocked Dr. Cornbluth as well.
“Who knows who has listened to this interview?  It makes me believe she is saying it at home.  And if you say ‘go f*ck yourself’ to a kid, they’re like sponges, they soak up anything.  There is no excuse for this.”
 PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise 
Dr. Cornbluth warned that Glanville should always be mindful of her actions.
“You always have to be the best role model for your kids. In the home, outside the home, on TV.  You never know who is looking so you should always be their best role model.”
Glanville, the usually prolific Tweeter, has stayed silent on the controversy about her lewd comments about her child.
						