 As Teresa Giudice’s sentencing date looms closer and closer the reality star is panicking about the major changes coming up in her life and how it is going to affect her main source of income – her reality show job – has exclusively learned. “Teresa is a mess over the sentencing, not only because it is going to most likely tear her family apart, but because she’s  on TV she IS going to have to deal with everything on camera,” a source close to the Real Housewives of New Jersey star told. The upcoming season of the RHONJ will air on July 13, just days after Teresa and Juicy Joe Giudice are handed down their punishment for their felony convictions, and that means Bravo will require her to be on the reunion show. READ: The Jaw-Dropping List Of The Giudices’ Debts “Teresa is panicking,” the source told. “She knows filming for the season is over and wrapped but the reunion show is adding another level of stress to her miserable situation right now.  She is expecting Joe to be in jail and she doesn’t  know how she’s going to handle explaining how terrible that is for her family. “A big fear for Teresa is footage of Joe being led away in handcuffs or her reaction outside the courtroom after the sentencing,” the source revealed. PHOTOS: The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not? As previously reported, Teresa is in major preparation mode, gearing up for the unfortunate inevitable, and Bravo has been “frustrated” with their star over her reluctance to make appearances promoting the season, but the source told she is afraid of what will really happen. “Teresa is terrified about everything – Joe, the sentences, her girls and her finances.  She knows she has to have the show to even pay bills but she is afraid to actually talk about what is going on and watching any clips of her court date is stressing her out.” But once again, Bravo is hoping for ratings gold with her legal problems. PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Have Filed For Bankruptcy “The network knows that Teresa’s legal problems are going to be exactly what everyone wants to watch and they’re looking forward to the reunion taping.” 
