 It’s the naked truth. RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the transsexual woman who claims she had a torrid sex romp with Hank Baskett passed a lie detector test before she came forward with her story. Ava Sabrina London, the video model who was born a man, voluntarily underwent a polygraph conducted by L.A.-based polygrapher Joseph Paolella on June 18. After careful review, Paolella — a former Secret Service agent who has guarded four presidents — concluded there was “no indication of deception during the polygraph examination.” PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions The purpose of the test was to determine if London and Kendra Wilkinson’s husband engaged in mutual masturbation at her Sherman Oaks, Calif. condominium on April 21, just weeks before his daughter with Wilkinson, Alijah, was born. According to the examination report, London participated in a pre-test interview stating that Baskett, who was kicked out of his marital home by his former Playboy Playmate wife last Friday, called her to make an appointment to have a sexual encounter, knowing that she was a transsexual. PHOTOS: Bikinis! Sexy Stars Involved In Cheating Scandals London also said the former NFL star paid her roughly $400 at the time after their rendezvous and he made another appointment with her to meet. She also revealed the reality star husband agreed to pay her $2,000 to deny she ever met with him and he further offered her $5,000 to not talk publicly about their sexual encounter. When asked if she masturbated Baskett at her apartment during their first intimate introduction, London answered “yes.” PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! She also said “yes” when asked if the 31-year-old paid her up to $400 for the first sexual encounter. London continued by ansering “yes” when asked if Wilkinson’s husband of five years paid her an additional $2,000 on a second visit to her apartment to deny she had ever met him and if he also offered to pay her $5,000 to not talk publicly about their encounters. Each time, Paolella found “no indication of deception.” Do you believe London? Let us know in the comments! MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
