 Bravo’s Real Housewives have never been known for their demure sensibilities. But the Real Housewives of New Jersey just might be the raunchiest cast yet! After dishing about strap-ons during a cast trip to Atlantic City in a scene that never made it to the air, has learned the ladies unloaded about porn, kinky sex acts and masturbation in yet another X-rated scene set to air this weekend! “In the next episode, Dina [Manzo] says she watches porn,” an insider close to the cast told pal Tom Murro. But it’s not for the usual purpose. “She says it’s to see the décor and get inspiration for her work!” the insider continued. “She said she doesn’t get off on it or anything.” PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! That confession was hardly the dirtiest part of the day, which included discussion of some topics that would make Andy Cohen blush. “The girls also talk about some jaw-droopingly kinky sex acts involving bodily fluids…” the insider claims. “It gets really dirty.” As has reported, the ladies recently let their wild sides loose during a cast trip to Atlantic City. PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As… “The girls were all asked if somebody would demonstrate the proper way to give a blow job on a bottle of beer,” a show insider reveals. “One of the housewives really rose to the occasion.” With the cameras rolling, “She volunteered to demonstrate” the X-rated act, according to the insider. Not long after, the night got even sleazier when the same housewife admitted to using sex toys on her husband! PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives “She alluded to the fact that one of the games she and her husband play in the bedroom involves a strap on,” says the source. “The rest of the girls sat shocked, refusing to partake in any of the sexual demonstrations.” That particular scene was eventually left on the cutting room floor, when the housewife’s husband made some threatening calls to Bravo, a source said. Manzo’s dirty secret may suffer the same fate, but as of Friday it was slated for Sunday night’s episode, insiders told Murro. PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives 
