 After months of dealing with a messy cheating scandal, Mario and Ramona Singer seemed poised to put their divorce on hold and get their marriage back on track with a romantic beach vacation in St. Barth’s this past week. But RadarOnline.com has learned that the trip was a disaster, filled with boozy fights, icy silences, and shameless Mario’s flirtations with other women! According to an eyewitness, Mario and Ramona seemed less than lovey-dovey during an outing in the village of St. Jean on June 23. PHOTOS: ‘I Never Saw Them Speak Or Interact’: Inside Mario & Ramona’s Tense Vacation Pulling into a gas station in a bright red Mini Cooper, the couple seemed intent on ignoring each other. Ramona “was reading a magazine,” the eyewitness tells Radar. “When Mario returned, he just got in the car. She sank back down in the seat and he didn’t say anything to her at all. I never saw them interact or speak the whole time.” PHOTOS: Big Apple Bore! RHONYC Reunion Taping ‘Drama-Free’ Snoozefest, Now Bravo May Axe The Franchise And while Mario’s attention wasn’t on his wife, his eyes were certainly wandering elsewhere. The eyewitness says, “I saw him smiling at another woman at the gas station while he was pumping gas and then checking her out and smiling in the rear view mirror as they drove away! However, he never turned toward Ramona, and she never even made any acknowledgements that he was even in the car with her. Just head down, reading her magazine.” Behind closed doors, Radar has learned, things were even more tense between the pair, as Ramona’s drinking put a damper on their trip. PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of Real Housewives of New York City — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! As Radar has reported, the couple were overheard fighting at their hotel pool on June 22, after the reality star’s cheating husband complained that she had had too much to drink at dinner on Saturday night. “Mario says Ramona becomes a different person when she drinks, and it’s not a very nice person,” an insider reveals. “He also revealed that all of the fights they have as a couple involve her use of alcohol, and he believes that he wouldn’t have strayed if Ramona didn’t have a problem.” PHOTOS: The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not? Ramon has repeatedly denied having a drinking problem, insisting, “Do I over drink? No. I drink with responsibility.” Despite the drama, “Mario really wants to save the marriage,” the source insists, “but things aren’t looking good.” PHOTOS: Bethenny Who? Frankel’s Ex Jason Hoppy Spotted With New Mystery Woman In Midst Of Bitter Divorce Battle With Skinnygirl Mogul In fact, the source adds, “He has been flirting with other young ladies during the trip!” The Real Housewives of New York couple’s marriage imploded earlier this year when Mario’s affair with personal trainer and socialite Kasey Dexter was exposed. Ramona subsequently filed for divorce, but has decided to stand by her man, sources told Radar. Do you think Mario and Ramona will make it work? Or should they go their separate ways? Let us know in the comments! 
