 Michael Jackson‘s molestation accuser, choreographer Wade Robson, has filed explosive new court documents accusing the King Of Pop of committing a wide array of sexual acts against him, including fellatio, mutual masturbation, and even anal rape. Only RadarOnline.com has the full, graphic, details of the disturbing development in the case — straight from the court documents. The documents, filed in Robson’s case against MJJ Productions, Jackson’s estate, reveal that Robson is seeking admissions that between 1990 and 1997 Jackson committed several disturbing acts against Robson at a “his ranch in Santa Barbara County” and elsewhere. READ: The Graphic Court Documents Robson’s attorneys start the request innocently enough, asking Jackson’s estate to admit that Jackson “invited Robson and his family to stay at [Jackson’s ranch] in February, 1990.” There, the documents ask the estate to admit Jackson “employed an audible alarm system for his bedroom [and] hung ‘do not disturb’ signs on his bedroom door.” Inside the bedroom, the documents as Jackson’s estate to admit, “sexual activities occurred between [Jackson] and Wade Robson periodically during the time period from approximately 1990 to 1997,” when Robson was between the ages of 7 and 14. Those activities included Jackson “putting his hand over Robson’s clothed penis,” “putting his hand inside Wade Robson’s underpants,” “taking Wade Robson’s hand and putting it over [Jackson’s] clothed penis,” “taking Wade Robson’s hand and putting it inside [Jackson’s] underpants,” “French kissing,” “rubbing Wade Robson’s penis,” “having Wade Robson rub [Jackson’s] penis,” “licking Wade Robson’s anus while [Jackson] masturbated using lotion,” “the mutual fondling of genitals” with hands and mouths, “mutual fellatio,” “lying on top of [each other] gyrating their genitals together,” “showering naked together,” and even “penetration of Wade Robson’s anus with [Jackson’s] penis,” the documents ask his estate to admit. He also “showed Wade Robson explicit adult pornography in the form of magazines, books, and videos,” “told Robson he loved him” and “called Robson ‘son’” the documents ask the estate to admit. PHOTOS: Not Convincing Enough? Look At The Evidence That Didn’t Sell The Jury In Michael Jackson Death Trial Jackson “told Robson that if anyone were to ever find out about their sexual activities, both of their careers would be over,” the documents ask the estate to admit, along with the allegation that Jackson “told Robson that if anyone were ever to find out about their sexual activities, they would go to jail.” Jackson’s estate initially responded to the interrogatories with a request for more time, according to the court documents, with the claim that they “could not possibly admit the vast majority of the [allegations] given that the only person … who could conceivably have knowledge of the requested subject matters has been deceased for over five years.” Robson’s attorney fired back, “Just because Michael Jackson is dead does not alleviate the corporations’ responsibility to respond…” PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths On July 25, the Jackson estate filed a motion for a protective order regarding Robson’s requests for admission and interrogatories, asking a judge to force Robson to cut down the number of requests from the current 143 to 35. Robson, a dancer-choreographer who testified on behalf of Jackson in the singer’s 2005 sex abuse trial, has claimed Jackson allegedly made his move on him he was just seven years of age — as his sister slept in another bed just feet away at Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara, Calif. The estate is asking a Los Angeles judge to reject Robson‘s molestation claim against the late singer because he supposedly waited too long to file, but Robson is claiming that he should have been served a notice of the administration of the estate when Jackson died. He also claims to have only remembered about the molestation after having two “breakdowns” which resulted in him seeking therapy. The judge hasn’t yet ruled on whether or not Robson’s claim will be allowed to proceed, and these documents were filed during discovery. Story developing. 
