 Shannon Price is making her move. RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively that she filed court papers Thursday in Utah to take over Gary Coleman‘s estate. Her attorney Todd Bradford tells RadarOnline.com that a hearing will be held on Monday. Shannon is trying to muscle Dion Mial out of the job and out of the way. But Dion, who was Gary’s ex-manager, told RadarOnline.com exclusively: “She is the full and complete impediment to honor Gary wishes.” PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder Shannon went into court ex parte and filed papers to become special administrator of the estate belonging to the former Diff’rent Strokes star. In the document, Shannon argues she was Gary’s common-law wife and therefore has power over “disposition of the body”. Utah is one of 10 states which has legislated common-law marriage. Shannon submitted a handwritten codicil purportedly from Gary that outlines his wish to make her the sole beneficiary. In it, Gary writes Shannon is the “sole heir of any and all monies, properties, bank accounts, earnings, model trains, vehicles, cars, toys, games, electronics, homes, other inheritances if any, all things physical and/or intellectual.” “This I have done because of my personal selfishness and weakness and I Love her with all my heart.” Gary and Shannon legally divorced on August 12, 2008. The couple kept the filing secret, sealing the documents and using the names ‘John Doe’ and ‘Jane Doe’. The papers cited ‘irreconcilable differences’ as the reason for divorce and state that no alimony was awarded, with all property going to Coleman. But as Shannon’s lawyer said in the filing, even after divorce: “Shannon and the decedent continued to have a romantic relationship and engage in romantic and sexual relations”. PHOTOS: Gary Coleman Through The Years The move has angered Dion, who told RadarOnline.com: “As the special administrator with full and conventional power as prescribed under Utah law, Shannon continues to contest those powers.” Coleman’s Wife Removes Documents From Home Shannon and Dion have been locked in battle since it was revealed that Dion was in charge of Gary’s estate, per a 1999 will, which so far is the most recent one left by the actor. PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots Dion also benefits financially via a trust. PHOTOS: Stars We Lost In 2010 And Shannon has been kicked out of the home that she shared with Coleman.EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Todd Bridges On Gary Coleman Deathbed Photos: ‘How  Could Ex-Wife Be So Selfish?’ Dion suspects there was foul play in Gary’s death, and has not been able to obtain an autopsy, because he says, “Shannon Price is responsible for blocking any investigation”. “By stalemating the process, she is stopping the process,” he said. “Price is making it very difficult for authorities to get to the bottom of this.” 
