
							After nearly 10 years and two kids together, The Talk co-host Sara Gilbert left her longtime partner Allison Adler for rocker Linda Perry, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned their recent marriage has left the ex angry and heartbroken.
Publicly splitting in in August 2011, Gilbert, 39, quickly moved on with Perry, 48, and the two were spotted holding hands just months later — but the insider insists the budding relationship was the reason for her breakup with Adler, 46, in the first place.
“Allison and Sara had a family together. They had history. Things weren’t moving in a downhill direction, so Allison was actually surprised when they broke up,” an insider told Radar.
PHOTOS: Sarah Gilbert Hits The Park With Her Adorable Daughter
“It was really hurtful for Allison to basically lose Sara to Linda. To see them splashed all over the news holding hands and being romantic.”
And when news of the impending nuptials hit, the insider says Adler got angry.
“When Sara and Linda got engaged last year it was like the final dagger for Allison,” the source said.
Celebs Who Have Come Out As Gay Or Bisexual
“Things might not have been roses and rainbows, but Allison would have liked to have worked on her relationship with Sara instead of just giving up.”
In fact, the source claims Gilbert tried to use commitment and marriage as an excuse when she left Adler — but was then engaged and married within three years of getting with Perry!
“I feel like I don’t know if marriage is all it’s cracked up to be. I’ve never been married, but I was in a long relationship… It’s emotional for me, because we’re not together,” Gilbert said shortly after her breakup with Adler.
PHOTOS: Sara Gilbert Pays $3.5 Million For West Hollywood Contemporary
“I wouldn’t trade that time, it’s such a special time in my life. But then you see people in their 70s and you wonder how do they do it? How do they make it last?”
For now, Adler — who was co-creator of The New Normal — is enjoying joint custody of their two children; Levi, 9, and Sawyer, 6.
“Allison just wants to focus on the kids and be the best mom she can be,” the source said.
Gilbert and Perry tied the knot on March 30 at One Gun Ranch in Malibu, California.
						