 Amid the chorus of women who have recently come forward with allegations of sexual assault by Bill Cosby, there has been one voice that has been surprisingly silent — that of the comedian himself. Apart from carefully worded statements on his webpage, Cosby has avoided discussing the claims, leaving untold his true feelings about the saga — until now. In a bombshell world exclusive, can reveal explosive audio recording of the comedian’s disturbing, defiant thoughts on the matter — in his own words, from 2005 — and what he says is shocking. Cosby made the statements in a recorded interview with Barry Levine of The National Enquirer back in 2005, shortly after attorney Tamara Green accused him of sexual assault. And in the audio, provided by The ENQUIRER to Radar, he lays bare what he really thinks about the scandal. “Nobody ever wishes for a situation [like this],” he said in the no-holds-barred interview. “Nobody ever really wishes for that.” PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report “Who really wants to put his or her family in a position of information coming out publicly that will cause great emotional stress, challenge?” he asked. “The choices that the family, friends have made in looking at him or her as a good person, a wonderful person, a person to be trusted?” Continuing with his rant, Cosby claimed that media reports that characterized him as lawyering up amid the scandal were “unfair.” “I guess that a celebrity trying to protect him or herself is not supposed to use every ounce of protection?” he said. “But this is all about celebrity, period!” PHOTOS: Outrage! Uncle Poodle Claims He Witnessed Honey Boo Boo, 9, Getting Close To Mama June’s Child Molester Lover “Which means that the celebrity, period, should know better,” he said. “It was a fair warning to the celebrity. Fair warning.” In 2005, Green accused Cosby of drugging and groping her back in 1970. She recently publicized her claims again. “He is in fact a sexual predator,” she told People magazine this week. “I don’t dispute the fact the man has done much good, but he is a flawed man.” PHOTOS: Sick! More Photo Proof Of Mama June’s Relationship With Convicted Child Molester — Honey Boo Boo Exposed As Radar has reported, she is not the only woman to come forward with similar claims: In 2000, The Cosby Show actress Lachele Covington went to the cops claiming Cosby exposed himself to her, but the Manhattan District Attorney declined to prosecute the case. Janice Dickinson also came forward with similar claims on Monday. Listen to the bombshell audio here, and stay tuned for more from the incredible interview! Story developing. 
