 Jacqueline Laurita is coming back to join the Real Housewives of New Jersey and some of the ladies aren’t happy about it! In particular, Dina Manzo is back this season and has exclusively learned she’s so upset about Laurita coming back that she said she wouldn’t have decided to join the cast again if she knew she’d be back. “Dina is furious that Jacqueline is back. She never would have come back if she knew Jacqueline was still on the show,” a source close to the situation told Tom Murro. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “She does not get along with Jax at all and she is mad that she’s been put in this position.” As Radar previously reported, Manzo, 43, came back for Season 6 of the struggling Bravo show and was quoted as saying, “I will never do a reality show with family ever again. It’s just not a healthy environment.” Laurita is Manzo’s sister-in-law. PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! “Dina’s return to the show has been really lackluster. Her whole ‘Zen’ attitude is boring,” the source continued. “So Jacqueline and her drama was something the producers really wanted.” Laurita and her husband Chris have been facing a barrage of legal and financial woes lately, filing for bankruptcy and after a failed clothing company, and then having the Trustee of the bankruptcy case sue them for $7.8 million to pay back their creditors. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “Jacqueline is back for the season now too. She will be in episodes at the end of the season,” the insider revealed. “She always knows how to cause the most drama. Dina is jealous that Jacqueline is getting all the attention now and she’s totally unhappy.” It’s been reported in the past that Laurita was fired after Season 5 because Manzo gave Bravo an ultimatum, refusing to come back herself unless her sister-in-law got her walking papers. “I didn’t get anyone fired,” Manzo stated. What do you think about both Dina and Jacqueline being back? Sound off in the comments below! 
