 Kate Hudson and ex-fiancé Matt Bellamy have called it quits, ending their four-year relationship. Now, a source close to the situation tells exclusively that the actress has already moved on — with Dancing with the Stars hunk Derek Hough! “Everyone knows that Kate and Derek have been hooking up,” an insider tells Radar. But those close to the couple think it’s too much too fast. “His friends have told him to stay away because he doesn’t want to seem responsible for ruining a relationship,” the source says. PHOTOS: Love & Marriage Kimye-Style! The Couple’s Top 15 Dirtiest Secrets EXPOSED The budding couple have been friends for years, however. In a 2014 interview with Shape magazine, Hudson revealed that she was spending time with the dancer and said, “It’s been a real blast.” “My heart is really in contemporary jazz, but lately I’ve been ballroom dancing with Derek Hough,” she told the magazine. Photos: 38 Hollywood Weddings That Were Called Off According to the source, “Derek doesn’t seem care what his friends have to say because he continued spending time with Kate. They were not at all secretive about it.” On Nov. 14, 2013, the 28-year-old pro-dancer and Hudson were at Cuban restaurant El Floridita in Los Angeles together when they unexpectedly jumped up out of their seats and performed a very sexy rumba routine. According to an eyewitness, “Derek was dipping her and spinning her around and the routine definitely appeared to be rehearsed.” PHOTOS: Can You Believe They Ever Got Together? The 29 Oddest Celebrity Couples Of All Time Over a year later, on Nov. 21, Hudson, 35, and Bellamy, 26, attended her mother Goldie Hawn’s Love In For Kids event together, which is the last function that they would be seen at as a couple. That same night, Hudson was photographed with Hough, who, coincidentally, also attended the event. As previously reported by Radar, Hudson and Bellamy have already gone their separate ways, as Hudson was seen with Hough at The Nice Guy restaurant in L.A. on Dec. 8, while her former lover was in London partying at the Koko Club. “Kate and Matt have been separated for some time now. Despite this, they remain very close friends and committed co-parents,” Bellamy’s rep said in a statement, referring to the former couples 3-year-old son, Bingham. PHOTOS: 25 Celeb Couples We’d Like To See The Almost Famous actress also has a 10-year-old son, Ryder, with Black Crowes ex-husband, Chris Robinson, 47. Do you think that Kate Hudson and Derek Hough are a good match? Let us know in the comments. 
