 Before Sherri Shepherd and her husband Lamar Sally decided to separate, the couple was planning to have a child via surrogate,  has exclusively learned. The View host wanted to have another child with Sally despite having fertility complications with her son Jeffrey in 2005. (She was expecting fraternal twins but miscarried her daughter.) “Sherri was ready to expand their family and had found a healthy surrogate. They were actively trying to have another child, but it was putting extra strain on their marriage,” the insider told. Scorned Exes Tell All: Inside Hollywood’s Ugliest Splits According to the source, Shepherd, 47, wanted Sally, 43, to step up as a father figure – but claims he “was lazy” and “sat around the house all day doing nothing.” “Sherri has a full time nanny, who drives Jeffrey to school every day and picks him up in the afternoon. This has been going on for years, and Lamar doesn’t even offer to help. It is unfortunate. “Sherri started to wonder if he’d ever be able to step up once they had another child, or if she’d be practically raising the child alone,” the source said. Hollywood Divorce Lawyers Tell All: Prostitutes, Cross Dressing, Drugs & More Shocking Split Secrets As previously reported, Shepherd and Sally’s breakup is already incredibly nasty. According to another source, she is also frustrated with Sally and his promises of having a successful career. “Lamar told Sherri that he was a big Hollywood player, with scripts being sold. But she’s tired of being married to a guy that doesn’t have a job.” This is the second marriage for Shepherd, who tied the knot with Sally in 2011. PHOTOS: The Name Game – Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names Another source told that Shepherd had turned a blind eye to his lack of work because “she felt like she couldn’t do any better.” “She is an amazing woman and settled for Sally. She finally realized she deserves someone who is an equal, not a guy she has to carry on her back,” the source said. When reached for comment on Thursday, Sally told that he misses Shepherd’s son Jeffrey.  “I was great with Jeffrey.  He was in my life for four years.” 
