 Nearly five months after Khloé Kardashian filed for divorce from Lamar Odom, she’s still a married woman. And now, RadarOnline.com has learned, she’s telling friends that it’s entirely his fault — because he hasn’t filed a response in their divorce! Over the weekend, Kardashian was in Las Vegas with new boyfriend, rapper, French Montana, and was overheard, saying “how much fun she was having with French,” according to a source. “It has been ages since Khloé has been going to clubs and just having fun,” the source told Radar. “While Khloé is very happy with French, because he treats her like a queen, she isn’t fully able to enjoy it because Lamar still hasn’t submitted a response in their divorce proceedings.” PHOTOS: Leather Lady: Khloé Kardashian Sleek & Sexy Arriving Back In L.A. After Whirlwind Weekend With New Boyfriend French Montana The split should have been simple, since the couple have a pre-nup. But ever since Kardashian filed, “Lamar hasn’t been returning phone calls and text messages from Khloé regarding the divorce,” the source said. “He is disappearing for days at a time again, and hanging out with ‘shady’ people.” But that doesn’t mean he’s cut off contact entirely. As Radar has reported,” Odom had been “blowing up her phone” lately with “desperate calls” in hopes of a reconciliation, and Kardashian is not pleased. PHOTOS: Khloe’s Facial Changes Through The Years Now that she’s been spotted out with rapper Montana on the heels of her public partying with The Game, the source claims Odom is getting jealous. Another source countered, “Lamar knows the marriage is over, but it just isn’t a priority to him, filing the response, and going thru the court proceedings. He just wants to live his life in New York and be left alone. The fact it’s pissing Khloé off that Lamar is holding out, does give him some satisfaction. His ego has taken a huge hit because she is publicly rebounding with French.” The NBA regular season recently ended and the New York Knicks signed Odom. REVEALED: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden The move reunited Odom with former Lakers head coach, Phil Jackson, who recently became the president of the New York Knicks. Odom didn’t see any playing time but the deal would included an unguaranteed second year for next season. But insiders are skeptical the deal will be a success. Kardashian constantly kept “Lamar on a schedule, and made sure he would make it to meetings with coaches, trainers, agents,” a source said. “Now that she is out of his life, and not doing that, everything has fallen into chaos on Lamar’s life.” 
