 “I have a good relationship with my stepson, Jack,” Tori Spelling said of Dean McDermott‘s son with his ex-wife, Mary Jo Eustace, in 2011. “The most important thing I learned was to make sure Jack knew I was never going to try to take his mom’s place or be his mother.” But it wasn’t always that easy. has learned that Eustace tried to ban Spelling from seeing Jack during McDermott’s bitter divorce after the reality star tried to forge a relationship with him behind his mom’s back! Eustace explained the predicament in a 2005 sworn declaration made during the divorce proceedings and obtained by. When preparing for Jack to visit his dad, she said, “I asked [Dean] if it would just be [him] and Jack during the weekend. [Dean] stated, ‘Yes, Tori will not be there….’” PHOTOS: Celebrity Cheaters But when Jack returned home on October 16, 2005, she said, “He told me that he had spent the weekend with Tori Spelling. Jack stated that Tori had helped him with his school project, that she took him to Build-A-Bear, that they went to the movies on the weekend together and ate out together.” Dean didn’t reveal her true identity, Eustace claimed, explaining, “Jack said [Dean] told him Tori was an old friend and that she was married.” PHOTOS: Tori Spelling’s Faked Out Family Day “It’s not in Jack’s best interest to rush Jack’s introduction to and/or relationship with Tori Spelling or any other significant ‘new mate’ of [Dean] at this time,” Eustace argued. “Jack loves his family and it’s obvious that he is extremely upset and that he is mourning the loss of his family as he knew it.” “Jack needs time to process and deal with his feelings of upset and insecurity about the breakup of our family,” she continued, asking the judge to ban Spelling from seeing him for six months. “Jack needs to build a new level of trust with [Dean] before [Dean’s] significant other is introduced into their relationship.” PHOTOS: The Love Rat Looks To Lace Things Up With Lingerie! Dean McDermott Seen Shopping At Victoria’s Secret For Tori Spelling’s Anniversary Present What’s more, she said, McDermott’s “persistent efforts to immediately introduce Jack to Tori Spelling and have her physical presence in Jack’s physical presence are not in his best interest.” Eustace asked the judge to prohibit McDermott from “having Tori Spelling sleeping at his residence while he exercises visitation with Jack.” She also asked that he be “restrained from displaying photographs or other pictures of Tori Spelling at [his] residence or any places where Jack also spends time,” and that he be barred “from referring to Tori Spelling as his girlfriend or a member of the family in [Jack’s] presence, [and] from engaging in demonstrative displays of affection with Tori Spelling.” PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed The judge denied most of Eustace’s motion, but did prohibit Spelling from spending the night in the residence when Dean had custodial time with Jack. The divorce between Eustace and McDermott was granted on March 13, 2006, after 12 years of marriage. He wed Spelling only weeks later on May 7, 2006. Eustace and McDermott share joint custody of their son, Jack. 
