 Warning: Graphic language below Earlier today, Anna Shannon Cardwell defended her mother to, vehemently denying reports that June was dating her child molester ex-boyfriend. However, the married mom of Kaitlyn, 2, has had a change of heart. Anna, 20, exclusively confirms to that she was the 8-year-old victim of sick pedophile Mark McDaniel, 53, in 2002 and 2003— and now believes that her mother betrayed her by dating him again behind the family’s back. “I believe she is seeing him and hanging around him,” the stay-at-home mom tells. “I’m hurt.” PHOTOS: The 10 Most Dangerous Prisons in the World Though Anna and June, 34, seemed extremely close on their heartwarming TLC reality show, the sexual abuse survivor may not be able to forgive her mother. “I think me and Mama’s relationship may well be over,” she confesses. As exclusively reported, McDaniel was indicted in June 2003 for aggravated child molestation and aggravated sexual battery on his young victim, who can now reveal to be Anna. (She has given her permission.) PHOTOS: The 28 Biggest Sex Scandals In Hollywood History The disgraced pervert “did then and there unlawfully perform an immoral and indecent act which did involve an act of sodomy to Anna Shannon with intent to arouse and satisfy the sexual desires of said accused and said act involving the mouth of said Anna Shannon and the sex organ of the accused,” district attorney Tommy K. Floyd wrote in Henry County, Georgia court papers obtained by. The abuse occurred multiple times between October 2002 and March 2003. Though the case was dismissed, McDaniel was later convicted on aggravated child molestation charges in another case in nearby Spalding County. According to the Georgia Sex Offender Registry, he was sentenced to ten years in prison for his crime. He was released from Dodge State Prison on March 1, 2014. PHOTOS: Most Shocking ‘Not Guilty’ Verdicts TLC has pulled the plug on Here Comes Honey Boo Boo, June revealed today in a Facebook video. She also denied having had any contact with McDaniel in more than 10 years. “The statement of me dating a sex offender is totally untrue,” claimed June, who split from longtime love Mike “Sugar Bear” Thompson, 42, in September. “I would not ever, ever, ever, ever put my kids in danger. I love them too much.” 
