 In a bid to prove child neglect, Simon Barney included a handful of absentee forms from the children’s school citing that his Real Housewives of Orange County ex-wife routinely forgot to call in when her kids would be absent. Furthermore, in legal documents exclusively obtained by the former Bravo dad included an email exchange with the school their daughter, 7 at the time, attends asking him to verify Sophia’s absence for the day and he explains her mother, Tamra Barney, took her to the dentist to get a root canal. EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS: Email Exchanges Proving Tamra Barney Didn’t Call In Children’s Absences To School — And 7-Year-Old Got Root Canal The emails and absentee notices are undoubtedly an effort on Simon’s part to prove child neglect against Tamra, which he charges in the bombshell legal documents previously published on Radar. In an email marked March 28, 2012, the school’s attendance clerk sent a message to Simon asking him to verify Sophia’s absences on both March 26 and March 28, to which he replied: “Sophia’s mother just informed me she is sick today. And she took her to the dentist Monday for a root canal. I’m guessing she didn’t call today or Monday to inform you she was absent. I’m sorry about this. Please mark her absent Monday and today.” Scorned Exes Tell All: Inside Hollywood’s Ugliest Splits In another email exchange from months later in Oct., Simon responds to the school’s attendance clerk writing: “It looks like Sophia was absent because she is sick. Her mother has her Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday morning every week. So she probably didn’t call her in sick. Thanks for your email. Sorry there was no notice to you or the school.” Included with the two email exchanges are eight other absentee notices for Sophia in a small six month window, all while on Tamra’s watch. BOMBSHELL TEXT MESSAGES: Tamra Barney’s Text Exchange With 15-Year-Old Daughter — Read The Messages Here And a pediatric dentist in Beverly Hills, Dr. Darrin Hirt (who has never treated Sophia) tells Radar that the root canal could have been caused by poor oral hygiene — which Simon alleged in his legal documents against Tamra. “[Root canals on young children] are not so rare, especially if it was on a primary tooth. A root canal is necessary when a cavity has reached the inside of the tooth where the nerve and blood vessels are located,” Dr. Hirt said. “A lack of good oral hygiene and a diet rich in sugary foods (especially the sticky, sugary foods) can lead to a 7-year-old needing a root canal. A root canal is sometimes needed on a tooth that had suffered trauma as well.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise Mark H. Goldenberg, who also practices pediatric dentistry in Beverly Hills (and has not treated Sophia) adds, “Root canals in children are not usual, but it’s also not unusual.” “How you brush, what kind of food you eat and how often you brush. Without knowing, we won’t know what caused it,” he added. “Very common in young kids is milk bottle decay and the sweet liquid stays on the teeth and causes decay. Some parents just don’t know that.” As Radar previously reported, Simon has made strong allegations against Tamra — who has been estranged from her 15-year-old daughter, Sidney, when she moved out in favor of living with her dad — which she vehemently denies, saying: Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs – The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows “I am very [saddened] by my [ex-husband’s] attempt to publicly hurt me with false allegations. Why doesn’t he understand he is hurting our [children?] My heart is broken and one day he will see the pain he has caused everyone.” On Thursday Tamra again expressed her grief at the situation on social media posting a photo of a notebook that read, “You think you want to die, but in reality you just want to be saved,” with the caption, “I’ve lost my strength.” 
