
							Leah Messer has already struggled through one heartbreaking divorce — and she will take extreme measures to prevent it from happening again.
Sources exclusively tell RadarOnline.com that the Teen Mom 2 star, 22, quit her hit MTV series last week because she thinks the public scrutiny could destroy her already fragile marriage to Jeremy Calvert, 25.
“Things are still rocky for them,” a friend of the mother of three tells Radar. “Leah is doing everything she can to keep her family together, including leaving reality TV. All the attention from the show played a hand in one failed marriage, and she’s not going to let that happen again.”
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Leah Messer Cries Over Divorce Papers
Messer infamously split from husband Corey Simms, the father of her 4-year-old twin daughters Ali and Aleeah, onscreen in 2011 amid allegations she cheated the night before their 2010 wedding.
Despite new reports that Calvert has filed for divorce, Messer is telling friends her hubby hasn’t made any legal moves.
“She says they’re having a difficult time but haven’t given up yet,” the insider explains.
PHOTOS: Cheating Rumors, Drug Claims, Porn & More! ‘Teen Mom 2′ Star Leah Messer’s Top 22 Secrets & Scandals Revealed
And Messer— who vehemently denied Calvert’s shocking Twitter accusations that she cheated with ex Robbie Kidd— still claims she was never unfaithful during their two-year marriage.
“Robbie has been around the family a lot in recent months, but she swears nothing sexual happened,” the friend says.
While Messer left fame and a steady paycheck to make her marriage work, it’s unclear if Calvert is making his own sacrifices.
PHOTOS: Teen Moms With Tats! See The MTV Reality Stars’ Wild Ink
The pipeline engineer was caught on camera hanging out with gorgeous girls at an Ohio sports bar nearly three hours away from his West Virginia home with Messer.
He also began following hot models and fans on Twitter— but isn’t currently following his own wife.
Messer had other reasons to leave the popular series. As Radar exclusively reported last week, Messer thought her onscreen antics could lead her to lose custody of the twins.
PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Moms’ 20 Most Shocking Scandals
“Leah’s final court date is coming up, and her behavior on the show made her look really bad to the judge,” a source tells Radar of the stay-at-home mom, who is battling Simms for primary custody of their girls.
She infamously fell asleep and slurred her words on a July episode after allegedly taking too many prescription pills for anxiety.
Do you think Leah made a good decision by quitting the show? Sound off in the comments.
						