
							Apollo Nida had a surprising reaction to the news that he’ll have to pay more than $1M in restitution in his fraud case: Let’s party! The Real Housewives of Atlanta star was spotted at an Atlanta bash for co-star Peter Thomas and Cynthia Bailey’s Bar One on Thursday night, and only Radar has all the details of his unusual prison prep — and why wife Phaedra Parks was not by his side.
Nida posed for pictures on the red carpet at Thomas’ bash to celebrate his wife Bailey’s Ebony Magazine feature Thursday night in Atlanta. 
PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of Real Housewives of New York City — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals!
Other cast members, including Todd Tucker and Kandi Burruss were on hand as well, but wife Parks was MIA, like she has been for weeks as Nida prepares to go to prison for eight years.
He previously admitted to Radar that the couple were working on their “issues,” but spoke out again this week about the dire state of his marriage.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
Asked during an interview with Atlanta’s B100 radio station whether his marriage with Parks would survive his prison stint, Nida said, “I doubt it.”
“I mean, my wife didn’t even f***ing show up to my sentencing,” he continued. “I’m still salty about that.”
As Radar has reported, Nida and Parks were not seen together from April 4 until earlier this week, when they shot scenes for RHOA. 
PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Would Rather You Forget
“Bravo is getting some shooting done with them before Apollo goes to prison,” a Bravo insider confirmed to Radar. “They began shooting the new season and they will be filming some stuff with Apollo about the situation.”
But while Parks’ distance from Nida may seem concerning to some, the Bravo source insisted she’s standing by her man. “It sounds like she’s just trying to keep busy and that’s her way of staying strong,” the source said. 
Do you think Apollo and Phaedra will make it? Let us know in the comments!
						