 It seems like Kendra Wilkinson is still in denial about RadarOnline.com’s exclusive report that her husband Hank Baskett cheated on her with a transsexual model. In an interview with Access Hollywood on October 2, the Kendra On Top star, 29, defended the former NFL player, 32. “There are so many holes in the story, who took this polygraph test? I heard this person isn’t even registered,” she said. PHOTOS: Solid As A Rock – 15 Of The Longest Marriages In Hollywood But Radar can reveal that the test was conducted by former Secret Service agent Joseph Paolella, a member of American Polygraph Association. Paolella, who served four U.S. presidents, is also the founder of the American College of Forensic Studies and the owner of polygraph firm Dr. Chris Gugas & Associates. As recorded in Paolella’s official document, Baskett’s mistress Ava Sabrina London, 25, passed the following questions. PHOTOS: The Shortest Celebrity Marriages Of All Times (1) Have you met Hank Baskett, Kendra Wilkinson’s husband on two occasions at your apartment in Sherman Oaks? Answer: YES (2) Did Hank Baskett masturbate you at your apartment in Sherman Oaks during the first encounter? Answer: YES (3) Did you masturbate Hank Baskett at your apartment in Sherman Oaks during the first encounter? Answer: YES PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! (4) Did Hank Baskett pay you up to $400.00 for the first sexual encounter at your apartment? Answer: YES (5) Did Hank Baskett pay you an additional $2,000.00 on a second visit to your apartment to deny you had ever met him? Answer: YES (6) Did Hank Baskett call you and ask you to deny that you two met? Answer: YES PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions (7) Did Hank Baskett offer to pay you $5,000.00 to not talk publicly about your encounters? Answer: YES (Radar redacted London’s legal last name in the document to protect her identity.) “After carefully reviewing the polygraph charts of the subject…it is the opinion of this examiner, there was NO indication of deception during the polygraph examination,” Paolella concluded. READ THE DOCUMENT As Radar reported, Baskett hooked up with London at her Sherman Oaks, California apartment while Wilkinson was 8 months pregnant with daughter Alijah, now 5 months. In a recent interview with Extra, Wilkinson said she wouldn’t be divorcing Baskett after five years of marriage, claiming she’d be “stupid” to cut ties because he’s “just so amazing.” Do you think Kendra has her head in the sand? Sound off in the comments. 
