 The Hamptons haters are out in full force against Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian as the sisters continue to film their reality show in the swanky East Coast enclave. In the latest diss, RadarOnline.com has learned that a local eatery, Nick & Toni’s in East Hampton, has flat-out banned them from filming there! “Producers really wanted to film Kim, Khloe and Kourtney having lunch or dinner at Nick & Toni’s because so many celebrities eat there,” an insider revealed. “They were flatly turned down, even after being told that Kim would be in town for filming.” PHOTOS: Revealed: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden “Management for the restaurant made it clear: under no uncertain circumstances would they allow their restaurant to be overrun by a bunch of out-of-town reality stars with cameras in tow,” the source continued. “Nick & Toni’s doesn’t need the press, in fact, if they had allowed it, many of their celebrity diners would probably never come back http://radaronline.com/photos/20-most-ridiculous-moments-from-the-kardashians-reality-shows/photo/551006/!” What’s more, according to a new report in the New York Post local authorities have even begun to encourage Hamptons residents to call the cops on reality stars! PHOTOS: 20 Most Ridiculous Moments From The Kardashians’ Reality Shows East Hampton Town trustee Diane McNally told locals at a town board meeting, “Who gave the Kardashians permission to film [on Hamptons beaches]? The trustees should have been notified if they had applied for a permit to film on the beach, and we were not notified. Filming on our beaches is disruptive. Our residents are entitled to peace and quiet. I suggest that if anyone sees the Kardashians filming on the beach, they should call the police, because they are not legally there.” As Radar has reported, Khloe has been complaining about filming in the Kardashian-unfriendly Hamptons. PHOTOS: 15 Kardashians Fights: They’re Sisters… But Not Always Friends “Khloe doesn’t understand why the locals are so angry about their arrival in town. She is acting like a real diva, and says the Hamtpons should be lucky to have her in town, as it’s a boost to the local economy,” an insider previously revealed. Indeed, Khloe and Kourtney have been unable to film at any upscale eateries in East Hampton or South Hampton, and “have been spotted filming in dining spots in the less desirable Hamptons Bay,” a source explained. “The Hamptons Bay is where they are allowed to film because celebrities are non-existent, and the village is eager for the press.” PHOTOS: 10 Stars Who Love The Kardashians And 10 Stars Who Hate Them When not complaining about the Hamptons, the Kardashian sisters are enjoying beauty treatments at their summer rental house, all paid for by their bosses at the E! network. Ryan Seacrest Productions formally hired, “a masseuse, nail technician, and esthetician for Khloé and Kourtney while they are filming in the Hamptons,” sources told Radar. PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control Momager Kris Jenner “demanded her daughters have a beauty team at their beck and call at all hours, because Khloe and Kourtney uprooted their lives from Los Angeles to shoot the show,” the source said. “The girls don’t want to go out in public every time they need a manicure or pedicure.” All in all, don’t expect the sisters to film another spin-off in the Hamptons. “Khloe has said she won’t film there again,” the source revealed. “It’s too far from New York City, and the people are very snobby. She would love to be in Las Vegas or back in Miami.” 
