 She may not end up with Casper Smart, but transgender model and alleged sexting partner to Jennifer Lopez‘s boyfriend, Sofie Vissa, has been offered her very own porn flick with the industry’s top dog Vivid Entertainment, is exclusively reporting. PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals Vivid founder Steve Hirsch penned an offer letter on Thursday to the provocative 23-year-old model who says she exchanged nude photos with Smart, 27, and even titled the XXX film, DownLo with Sofie Vissa. “We don’t normally do transsexual celebrity tapes, but in your case we just might make an exception,” Hirsch wrote. “We propose that you make an adult film with us. We will cast for a Casper Smart lookalike, and you may participate in the casting; in fact, you may choose the final ‘Casper.'” The adult porn company says Vissa has “JLo looks” and promises to give her “input in the choice of sex acts that you’ll perform” — but makes no mention of how much they are willing to pay her. See the full offer letter below: Read The Letter Here! As previously reported, Vissa allegedly exchanged steamy messages and photos with Smart via Instagram earlier this year, and after the reports surfaced, a second transgender model came out with similar claims. “I sent him like five or six pictures,” Vissa Told Woman’s Day magazine. “There were a couple of semi-explicit [ones] and then the last one I was completely nude. And he ‘liked’ the post.” And the Los Angeles model said there was no way Smart didn’t know that she was transgender because she makes it very clear on her Instagram profile. PHOTOS: Reality Stars In Sex Tapes “I’d do hashtags on Instagram… to get a lot of followers I’d put #TS or #Shemale or #transgendered on them,” she said in the interview. “I remember I put those hashtags on one of my photos and when I went back to look at my phone I’d got a request from Casper.” After Smart reportedly “liked” a lot of her photos, the two began chatting and eventually JLo’s boyfriend started privately requesting sexier shots from Vissa, she claims. PHOTOS: They Sell Sex For Fortune & Fame — 11 Star$ Who Gained Big Bucks From Selling It Vivid has done celebrity sex tapes with the likes of Kim Kardashian, Kendra Wilkinson, Tila Tequila and Farrah Abraham. Lopez and Smart have both remained mum on the situation. 
