
							Beautiful Halle Berry is a three time loser in love, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
With two failed marriages behind her, it seemed Halle had finally found her soul mate in Canadian model Gabriel Aubry. The couple even had a child together, adorable daughter Nahla Ariela Aubry, who was born March 16th 2008.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Pumas vs. Cougars!
But RadarOnline.com has learned that Halle and Gabriel have called it quits and worked out a financial and custody deal. They spent months hammering out a deal with a lawyer, RadarOnline.com learned.
A source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com that Gabriel was the one who pulled the plug on their five year relationship and that the age difference – he’s 34, she’s 43 – played a role.
PHOTOS: Haute Halle: Berry Is The Belle Of The Ball!
“Gabriel just felt it wasn’t working anymore,” the source says. “When they were first together the 9-year age difference between them didn’t phase him, she was the most beautiful woman he had ever dated and he was totally in love.
PHOTOS: Halle Berry Loves Vita Fede
“But as time went on he started feeling it more and more.
Halle Gets Gucci Glam For Silver Rose
“Also, Gabriel started noticing other women, and being attracted to others, and he felt it just wasn’t right to stay with Halle in those circumstances.
PHOTOS: Halle Berry Sports ‘Smiley Vampire’ T-Shirt
“Gabriel is a really nice, decent guy and he would never cheat on her, but I suspect that he had become attracted to someone and that he felt he needed to break it off with Halle before anything developed any further.”
PHOTOS: Halle Berry Rocks Her Vita Fede Fringe Bracelet
It’s the latest in a series of emotional letdowns for Halle. Her first marriage, to David Justice, a former baseball player, ended acrimoniously after 5 years amid accusations from Berry of domestic abuse.
Halle’s second marriage, to R & B singer Eric Benet ended after four years when Halle discovered Eric had cheated on her. Benet went into treatment for sex addiction but Halle filed for divorce.
PHOTOS: Beautiful Celebs Who Have Been Cheated On
Halle publicly declared she was over marrying again, and when she met Aubry she stated that her “life was already complete without the need for a marriage.”
PHOTOS: Halle And Other Hot Hollywood Moms Show Some Skin
The source says that Gabriel and Halle quietly split a couple of months back, with Halle employing the services of Judy Bogen, a family law attorney from top Beverly Hills law firm, Hersch Mannis and Bogen, to iron out a custody and division of property agreement.
PHOTOS: Halle And Other Hot Hollywood Moms Over 40
“Halle was terrified that Gabriel would go after her money,” the source says. “But he’s a decent and proud guy and that’s just not his style.
“Gabriel’s main concern was custody of Nahla, he loves that little girl more than anything, and wanted 50/50 joint physical custody of her, which Halle agreed to.
PHOTOS: Halle Berry Is Smoking Hot On Her Set
“Financially, Gabriel isn’t in the league of Halle, but he still earns a decent amount from his modeling career, in the region of $700,000 per year, so he’s comfortable and he didn’t want a dime from Halle.
“All Gabriel has asked for is the house they own together in Canada. Halle put the full deposit down on the house but Gabriel has made every one of the payments since.
PHOTOS: See Halle And Scandalous Hotties In Their Bikinis
“Halle agreed right away.
“As much as it can be it’s been an amicable split. They both traveled a lot for work anyway, so they were used to spending time apart for long periods, but I think Halle has taken it pretty badly, she truly loved Gabriel and thought she had found the one.”
						