 Actor Stephen Collins has NOT killed himself, despite suggestions to the contrary, RadarOnline.com is reporting. The embattled 67-year-old, who played the Rev. Eric Camden on the long-running WB family show 7th Heaven, is under investigation for child molestation after an alleged recording surfaced of him confessing in couples therapy to exposing himself to young girls and molesting an 11-year-old. Actress Donna D’Errico, of Baywatch fame, tweeted late on Tuesday: “That guy from 7th Heaven lives right around the corner from me & just shot himself a few minutes ago.” PHOTOS: The 10 Most Dangerous Prisons in the World “The police have the street cordoned off and aren’t even letting residents in,” the ex-Playboy playmate added. It’s understood neighbors called in reports of a loud bang, triggering a police response. But a cops spokesperson told Radar: “There was no shooting. He’s not at the house… there wasn’t an incident.” pic.twitter.com/6kzwcQGsCX — Donna D'Errico (@DonnaDErrico) October 8, 2014 As we reported Tuesday, the self-confessed child molester’s ex-wife, Faye Grant, gave tapes of his chilling confessions to cops two years ago, but his horrifying admissions were only now exposed. “I woke up today to learn that an extremely private recording I handed over to the authorities in 2012 per their request in connection with a criminal investigation was recently disseminated to the media,” she said, in a statement. “I had no involvement whatsoever with the release of the tape to the media.” I just tweeted out what I was being told by my neighbor who were on scene. I apologize for tweeting what I'd heard before confirming it. — Donna D'Errico (@DonnaDErrico) October 8, 2014 In the alleged tapes from 2012, Collins, who is best known for his role as Eric Camden on the morally sound show, is heard recounting multiple inappropriate incidents he had with young girls. At one point he reportedly confesses to sexually molesting an 11-year-old girl who was related to his first wife. “There was one moment of touching where her hand, I put her hand on my penis,” he allegedly recalled in the audio clip. He also claimed that he exposed himself to her multiple times. 
