 Khloé Kardashian wants to bring her wanna-be bad-boy rapper boyfriend French Montana to older sister Kim‘s wedding in France, but none of her siblings, nor momager Kris Jenner, want him in attendance because they don’t approve of the relationship, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting. “Khloé wants to bring French to Kim’s wedding in Paris….however, Kim is pushing back because she doesn’t like him at all. Kim thinks French isn’t a good fit for Khloé and doesn’t want some random guy at the wedding,” a family insider told Radar. “Momager Kris Jenner has also weighed in, saying it’s to soon to bring French to family functions. Khloé isn’t having it though, and is absolutely freezing out the family. She isn’t their phone calls and text messages. This relationship isn’t serious according to Khloé, she just wants to have some fun after all of the drama with Lamar.” PHOTOS: Leather Lady: Khloé Kardashian Sleek & Sexy Arriving Back In L.A. After Whirlwind Weekend With New Boyfriend French Montana The insider continued, “She also doesn’t want to go to the wedding alone. It will be very hard for her going to Kim’s wedding because it will bring back memories of Khloé’s wedding to Lamar.” The reality TV starlet and the rapper began dating last month, even though Montana is married! Kardashian’s friends and family are also weary about her new love interest, who was reportedly shot in the head during a 2004 melee in which he claims he was charged with murder but “beat my case cause I’m good.” REVEALED: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden He even flaunts his connection with drugs in his mix tapes under the record label Cocaine City Records. “They think she’s headed down the same path she did with her ex,” the pal said. Radar broke the story: The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star was a groupie at his Maryland concert last week and then the pair hid away in his New Jersey home, causing drama for the rest of the residents of the small community. PHOTOS: Khloe’s Facial Changes Through The Years Meanwhile, if Khloé insists on bringing her new beau to Kimye’s wedding, the bride “will make sure French doesn’t make it into the episodes of the reality show dedicated to the nuptials. Kim won’t have her wedding day ruined by this dude,” the insider added. 
