 As ratings for The Real Housewives of New Jersey continue to plummet to record lows, has learned that Bravo is calling in the big guns to save the season: Series vet Jacqueline Laurita will be returning for some scenes, and other cast members have been asked to film additional footage as well. But insiders tell Radar that the show’s resident convicted felon, Teresa Giudice, is refusing to participate — and it’s thrown the entire series into a crisis! “Bravo is desperately trying to save this season from being a total bomb,” a source told Radar. PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Would Rather You Forget “They have taken the unprecedented step of filming new scenes,” the source continued. “Everyone has agreed to do it, except for Teresa. She is busy enjoying her summer vacation with her four daughters on the Jersey Shore ahead of her criminal sentencing. So, Teresa is refusing to participate and says she has completed what is contractually obligated.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bodies In Bikinis Sources told Radar that as of Friday, Bravo had decided that Teresa won’t be returning for the next season of RHONJ. In other show-related news, Radar broke the story that former fan fave Laurita is returning to The Real Housewives of New Jersey in a very limited capacity. “Jacqueline has only shot one scene so far, with Kathy Wakile,” an insider revealed. “She isn’t back as a series regular.” PHOTOS: The Real Housewives Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! Laurita was fired after season five because Dina Manzo reportedly gave Bravo an ultimatum, refusing to come back unless her sister-in-law got her walking papers. Manzo has been front and center this season, and now she’s reportedly angry Laurita is returning. However, it seems the network is putting their interest above the cast’s, as Laurita got a slew of attention last season for getting on-camera plastic surgery and sharing her wrenching struggle to raise an autistic son. Do you think bringing Laurita back will save the show? Are you watching? Let us know in the comments! 
