 When the wife and mistress are away, Mario Singer will play! As exclusively reported, Mario’s mistress, Kasey Dexter, has fled New York for Florida, leaving Ramona Singer’s estranged husband alone in the Big Apple. Now Radar can reveal that the single 60-year-old has rebounded with Ramona’s fellow Bravo reality star Chantelle Fraser, who will join the upcoming season of Blood Sweat And Heels. PHOTOS: Mario Singer Hits The Town With Suspected Mistress Kasey Dexter, In Wake Of Breakup With Real Housewife Ramona During a recent date, Mario and the U.K.-born beauty were kicked out of a swanky New York City nightclub after a very public make-out session, sources tell Radar. During the visit to Studio at the W Union Square, “Mario and Chantelle were making out in front of everyone,” a club insider tells Radar. “During the course of the evening, they proceeded to get even raunchier, and were asked to leave by management.” “Needless to say, Mario wasn’t too happy about it,” the source says, “and he made his feelings known as they were leaving.” PHOTOS: Tall, Dark & Married?!? Check Out Mario Singer’s Match.com Profile Real Housewives of New York star Ramona, 57, announced her plans to divorce Mario in August after she allegedly caught him cheating again with personal trainer Dexter, 32. As Radar exclusively revealed, the father of college student Avery recently joined dating site Match.com. Trying to win over the ladies, the buff dad not only compares himself to super spy James Bond, but also outlines his ideal characteristics in a female partner — by taking a jab at his camera-obsessed ex! PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! “Looking for someone who enjoys an active life,” writes Singer, who uses the screen name “mario007s.” “Enjoy the simple things in life and not be pretentious and in need of impressing other people.” Fraser will be replacing Brie Bythewood and Demetria Lucas on her reality show’s second season, and has reportedly already begun filming. The stunning star is the CEO of Flawless Entertainment and Promotions, a boutique talent company. 
