 sat down with The Bachelorette‘s Trista and Ryan Sutter for an exclusive interview to talk about everything from their tips for The Bachelor‘s newest hottie, Chris Soules, to how they’re teaming up with Coffemate to surprise night shift employees for the holidays.: What are some thoughts on the upcoming season of The Bachelor with Chris Soules? Will you be tuning in? Trista Sutter: I will be tuning in. I am a loyal fan and I literally just watched a promo for it. I’m really excited for it. He’s the closest thing to what I always hoped for, that they’ll pluck someone out of obscurity. He has a farm, it’s not that these girls are going on the show to go move to L.A. and start a career in movies with Chris. He’s going to get back to his family and his roots and bring a girl back to his life. I’m really excited to see what happens this season. Radar: Trista, you’ve been the Bachelorette and you have also been one of the ladies competing for the Bachelor’s heart. What are some tips you could give Chris and the women? TS: Enjoy it, it’s a once in a lifetime opportunity and for me. Luckily, it ended up in a dream come true. I hope that for him just being honest with himself, have fun with the process. For the girls, remember anything and everything you say can and will be used against you! PHOTOS: Explosive Fights, Shocking Arrests And Girlfriends Back Home: Top 10 ‘Bachelorette’ Secrets And Scandals Revealed! Radar: What is your secret to having a successful relationship and marriage following the show? TS: There are a lot of factors that go into it. We try to enjoy life and have fun together. He’s my best friend and I love hanging out with him. We have the shared value of our family being priority. We moved to Colorado, which was a big step in helping the success of our relationship. Instead of focusing on all the opportunities that are coming our way, we decided to really focus on our relationship so that helped a lot regarding where we started. Trust, respect, commitment, faith and love. All of the big things. Marriage Boot Camp didn’t hurt! Radar: Do you have any family traditions for the holidays? TS: There is one tradition that I love and it’s baking Christmas cookies. We have family in Germany and then family in the Midwest. In the past, we’ve had cookie-decorating contests. We’ll get on FaceTime and see who decorated the best cookies. Ryan Sutter: Because of where we live, high up in the Rocky Mountains, there is usually snow on Christmas. More times than not we’re the destination for other people’s Christmas traditions. Our families try to make it out here if possible … We’ll go decorate a Christmas tree out in the wilderness. It’s kind of a historic Christmas tradition. PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of ‘The Bachelor’ And ‘The Bachelorette’ Radar: How do you go about finding gifts for your children and for each other? RS: I’m struggling with that right now. For the kids it’s not as difficult for me as Trista is. I try and ask other people to see what options are out there. I have some little things that I know she’ll like and enjoy, but I always try to go with one primary gift. Last year hasn’t been that tough but this year I’m struggling with it a bit. TS: Me too! Radar: Tell our readers about the special video you made surprising night shift employees. TS: We’ve partnered with Coffeemate to bring a little taste of home to the night shift workers. We were really excited about partnering with them because we know firsthand how it is to have to sacrifice for the night shift. Ryan works 48-hour shifts at the fire station. We’ve been dealing with that ever since we knew him. We wanted to be able to surprise these guys and bring a little holiday spirit to their lives. Watch Ryan And Trista Spread Holiday Cheer Radar: How can all viewers relate to the video? RS: I think everyone has experience with people working the night shift whether they know it or not. You’ve got policemen, paramedics and firefighters. The fact is the world doesn’t stop at 5:00 when everyone else fights traffic and goes home. Those people have a very important role. A lot of times people overlook all of these really hard working people who are making things go during the night. This is our attempt to say, ‘Hey, let’s recognize those people for a moment, show them that we appreciate them, show them that we do know that they’re there.’ It’s sort of an opportunity to expose that element that not many people realize exist. Radar: Is there anything else you would like to discuss about the video? TS: I’m just really excited to share the video. I got teary and got chills because these people were so touched and I felt so honored to be part of it. There was a security guard Mario and he said last year he had a Christmas miracle, his daughter was born, and this year the surprise from us and Coffeemate was his Christmas miracle. It felt really good to be able to be part of this. 
