
							Despite reports that Robin Williams entered rehab this summer after relapsing on alcohol, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the troubled actor was still sober at the time of his death, but had sought treatment for a crippling depression that left him feeling like he “had nothing to live for.”
A source close to the actor tells Radar that Williams had told his third wife, Susan Schneider, that he had lost the will to live in the months before he sought treatment at Minnesota’s Hazelden Treatment Center, and that the depression he was battling left him feeling paralyzed with pain.
According to the source “Robin had not relapsed and wasn’t drinking before going to Hazelden. The decision was made for Robin to go to Hazelden as a last-ditch effort to get him the help he needed for a very deep depression he had fallen into.”
PHOTOS: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
With the cancellation of his CBS show, The Crazy Ones, and financial pressures weighing, “It wasn’t one thing that sent Robin spiraling back into the depression,” the source said, “but a compilation of factors.”
And though his wife Schneider was a source of unwavering support, it would prove to be insufficient.
“The one constant ray of light in his life, was his third wife, Susan,” the source said. “He felt like he was being a burden to Susan, and told her he had lost the will to live. She did everything to help him face the depression.”
PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In fact, the source revealed, Schneider visited her husband during his stay in Minnesota, staying near the treatment facility.
As Radar previously reported, after leaving treatment the beloved actor was sleeping up to 18 hours a day and had no appetite in his final days.
Williams “would often sleep a majority of the day and night,” a source said. “His bedroom had black-out curtains, because Robin didn’t want light in his bedroom. He wasn’t eating and was just having problems getting out of bed. He would often complain that he was just so tired, even after sleeping 20 hours.”
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide
4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor
Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death
Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source
Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report
						