 Tamra Barney‘s relationship with her 15-year-old daughter is under severe strain and has exclusively learned the teenager was not invited to a recent Hawaiian vacation the Real Housewives of Orange County star took with her two younger children. According to an insider, Tamra and her daughter Sidney have seen each other just a handful of times since the teen moved out of the home last October in favor of living with her father, Simon Barney. Tamra, her new husband Eddie Judge and kids Spencer, 13, and Sophia, 8, took a Hawaiian vacation last week, WITHOUT Sidney. Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs – The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows “Sidney didn’t go to Hawaii, in fact, Sidney has only seen her mother a total of 11 times since she moved out,” a source told Radar. On Tuesday night, Sidney confirmed the news, tweeting to her mother: “The reason I didn’t go to Hawaii is because you didn’t invite me and I wouldn’t have gone anyway.” Simon made explosive allegations in legal documents pleading for child custody, exclusively published by Radar on Tuesday, in which Tamra’s ex claims she’s guilty of child neglect — failing to bathe and feed the children properly. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise In response, Tamra told Radar the allegations were “bullish*t” and said the “truth will come out soon.” The reality TV star then posted the following photo on her social media accounts: And when asked why Sidney wasn’t in the Hawaii photo, Tamra tweeted: https://twitter.com/TamraBarney/status/456086101275316225 But the estranged mother-daughter duo has been at odds for quite some time, as evidenced by exclusive text messages obtained by Radar. PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bikini Bodies! “You treat me like sh*t,” Tamra tells her daughter in one message (which were included in legal documents filed by Simon) and asks in another, “What have I done to you that you hate your own mother?” Tamra even pulls the legal mother card at one point. “Answer me. I tried calling. You need to answer me. I’ve been very nice for months now. I have legal rights as your mother and I really don’t want to go that route,” she texted. “But if you refuse to communicate, you leave me no choice! For the life of me I can not understand why you are SO disrespectful to your own mother. Can you please answer me.” The insider concludes, “Sidney is a lot more stable without so much interaction with her mother.” There’s more to come from the allegations Simon made in the legal documents, but for now, Tamra is staying close-mouthed on the controversy tweeting on Tuesday: @Lisella5 @dylanshoward it's a legal matter. My attorney has this handled I don't talk to press about my children — Tamra Judge (@TamraBarney) April 16, 2014 
