 Transsexual model Ava Sabrina London stunned the world with her claims she had a steamy sexual encounter with Kendra Wilkinson’s husband Hank Baskett, and now in an exclusive photo shoot with RadarOnline.com, she’s getting even more revealing! The model shows off the body she says hooked Baskett in steamy new shots, and reveals new details about the alleged affair. Baskett first came across London online, she claims. “He couldn’t believe that my photos were real,” she told Radar. “It’s how it all began.” EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Ava Sabrina London Shows Off The Body Not long after, the couple met up on April 21, she claims — just weeks before his wife gave birth to their daughter, Alijah. London claims, “When I met him he already knew I was a transsexual. He thought I was beautiful.” PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! According to London, their brief introduction soon led them to her bedroom, where things turned sexual fast. “We both were undressed and he started like, you know, grabbing, playing with my penis,” London, who passed a lie detector test claimed. “He was jerking me off. And he took a shower after. It wasn’t like he rushed out of there.” PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions London claims Baskett gave her about $500 after their 20-minute bed-top romp, because she says he wanted London to know just how much fun he had with her. “After the same day we met he texted me,” she said of his phone calls, which came from unlisted numbers. “Saying you’re so beautiful and we’ll talk soon.” PHOTOS: Bikinis! Sexy Stars Involved In Cheating Scandals Since then, the 31-year-old father of two dropped off an extra $2,000 so the video model wouldn’t spill their secret, London has claimed, and even offered her $5,000 more never to talk publicly about the torrid affair. “I think he was just concerned about me not saying anything,” she said. “I was getting annoyed because the last time I talked to him I was like ‘What do you want me to say? What do you want me to do?’ He was like ‘my destiny lies in your hands.’ I was like don’t put this on me, like it lies in god’s hands,” she said. PHOTOS: Heartbreak Home: Divorced Celebs and Their Former Love Nests “I actually didn’t feel comfortable with him coming up… I literally couldn’t sleep. I was like ‘oh my god this guy keeps calling,’” she continues. “I was like, ‘What if he comes to my house?’ He can’t get in, but still.” Since RadarOnline.com broke the story, Wilkinson kicked Baskett out of their Calabasas, Calif. home just days before their fifth wedding anniversary Friday. MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! 
