 Teen Mom 2 star Chelsea Houska’s baby daddy Adam Lind may have left summer love Jessica Nicole behind for troubled new girlfriend Brooke Beaton— but the South Dakota-based single mom refuses to stay silent about the nasty split. Nicole posted a slew of incriminating photos involving her wayward ex on her Instagram account yesterday. “Happy Monday Adam! Enjoy! Karma is really a b*tch…” she captioned the shocking snaps. In one, Lind appears to be injecting himself with a hypodermic needle. Another photo captures a bottle of Systanon 250 and another containing Tren Ace 100, both anabolic steroids and controlled substances. (The 23-year-old does not appear in latter picture.) Sources exclusively told in May that the father of Aubree, 5, (with ex Houska) and Paislee, 1 (with former girlfriend Taylor Halbur, 24)— who has been arrested countless times and last left jail on October 5— was using anabolic steroid Dbol without a doctor’s prescription. An insider close to Lind denied he used steroids. In two other photos, Nicole reveals two bright red, bruised arms. PHOTOS: 15 Secrets And Scandals About ‘Teen Mom 2’ Sweetheart Chelsea Houska “Those are my arms after Adam thought it was cool to put his hands on me,” Nicole wrote to a fan. “He threatened me with saying he would tell people I was a porn star, or he caught me stripping in Omaha,” she continued. “He’s threatened to make up a whole bunch of stuff about me now!” Last week, Nicole also accused Lind of getting physical during their 3-month relationship. PHOTOS: Adam Lind’s Sexy New Girlfriend “I LEFT HIS VIOLENT A**!” she told followers on October 9. “He has physical and mental abuse issue[s]…BAD!” She also says Lind, who claims to be sober, was drinking before a recent driving-related arrest. “Now let’s be honest…You WERE drinking. You had 2 beers and they didn’t test you for hours. That’s the ONLY reason you blew all 000,” she claims. PHOTOS – Check Out Adam Lind’s Shameless Gym Selfies! When contacted by, Nicole called her ex “scary” and “dangerous.” “He’s grabbed me by the neck, thrown me around, all kinds of stuff,” she told. “I have a different boyfriend and really wish I never met Adam. I just want this to go away.” Friends close to MTV reality star Houska, 23, say she’s appalled by Nicole’s allegations. PHOTOS: Terrible Teens: Too Sexy, Too Soon? “Chelsea is very concerned about Adam’s behavior,” says an insider. Adorable Tee-ball champ Aubree visits her father every other weekend at his parents’ home— though has reported that Houska is looking to “reevaluate” their current custody agreement. “Chelsea is Aubree’s mother and of course she’s going to protect her,” a source told in August. 
