
							You might not recognize her now, but Rovsek made headlines in 2006 under her maiden name — Lizzie Arnold — when she dated Nick Lachey after his split (but before the divorce!) from Jessica Simpson, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
As the former Miss Kentucky USA, Rovsek was undoubtedly a looker when she hooked up with the former 98 Degrees crooner, but looks decidedly different while currently starring on the hit Bravo show.
“Her nose appears to be moderately thinned, likely from a rhinoplasty or nose job,” Dr. Anthony Youn, a plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills who has not treated Rovsek, told Radar.
PHOTOS: 25 Really Stupid Celebrity Quotes
“These types of nose jobs can reduce the appearance of her ethnicity, but has also made her look more elegant. Kudos to her plastic surgeon!”
Splashed across tabloid covers, Rovsek was the talk of the town at the time
“He’s a really great guy,” she told Star magazine at the time, admitting the two had been spending “quality time” together.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars
Rovsek was linked to Lachey as early as Jan. 2006 and his divorce with Simpson wasn’t finalized until June 2006.
After the short-lived fling with Lachey was over, Rovsek, an aspiring actress at the time, gave an interview to The Sporting Life expressing her distaste for the paparazzi and constant attention.
“I hated it! It was awful…it made me want to quit acting…for the most part. It was just very violating. I did not want to be famous for that, so I removed myself from the situation, down to the family compound in Laguna, until the paparazzi found another story,” she said.
That Was Quick! 25 Of Hollywood’s All-Time Shortest Marriages
“I don’t want that kind of attention, but I do think that I learned a lot about myself during that time.”
But it seems Rosvek missed the attention because the fiery housewife now lives in the same neighborhood as her reality TV co-star Tamra Barney and has been married to husband Christian Rovsek since 2009, who is a real estate investor worth an estimated $25 million.
They have two young sons together and she is the owner and designer of Sun Kitten Swimwear.
Rovsek, 33, is about to embark on her first season of RHOC.
Do you think Rovsek will mention her past relationship with Lachey? Sound off in the comments below…
						