 Kim Kardashian and Kanye West splashed out on a golden toilet tower, headless nude statues, and more for their over-the-top Italian wedding in May. But has learned that they weren’t as flashy with their cash when the whole world wasn’t watching. According to an insider, they refused to pay a $20,000 bill for their Irish honeymoon stay! Kardashian and West checked into the family-run Castle Oliver complex in Limerick, Ireland, after their Italian nuptials, but their wedded bliss at the property was short-lived. PHOTOS: Revealed: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden According to a source, they packed up after dinner complaining the castle was “too big” and that cellphone reception was dismal, checking in to the Ballyfin House in Co Laois instead. But according to hotel insiders, the hotel had already ordered countless items to satisfy their over-the-top demands, and when Kimye reversed the deposit on their American Express card, the hotel staff were left on the hook for thousands! “Everyone is shocked to say the least,” an insider said. “The castle is out a fortune on their honeymoon. It is absolutely awful.” PHOTOS: 20 Most Ridiculous Moments From The Kardashians’ Reality Shows “They made all these requests ahead of their visit, for certain foods, champagnes, thousands in flowers, candelabras everywhere,” the insider said. “The hotel brought in everything they requested, and there were dozens of items. But then they took back all the money they had paid for them!” The issue, the source said, is that black Amex owner Kardashin used a “high-level credit card” to pay for the venues and extras, and it “allows them to get it all refunded back at any time,” says the source. PHOTOS: 15 Kardashians Fights: They’re Sisters… But Not Always Friends Now, “everyone involved in making their honeymoon perfect at Castle Oliver has been completely burned,” said the source. “We’re not just talking about the hotel, but providers from all around the local area who gave their services and time in good faith that Kim and Kanye would pay them. But they won’t get their money back.” Even worse the source claims, “A member of staff based in the United States was fired for booking them into the venue.” “It’s insane!” the source continued. “We’re talking about one of the richest couples in they entertainment business refusing to pay the bill for their honeymoon. It would have been a dream honeymoon for anyone else in the world, and they should just have the decency to pay their bill.” Do you think Kim and Kanye should pay up or do they deserve a full refund? Let us know in the comments! 
