 In a bold and brave move, Pamela Anderson recently opened up during a speech at the Cannes Film Festival about being molested and raped through her teens, and can exclusively report her abuse of cocaine and alcohol was her way of numbing the memories for many years. “I did not have an easy childhood. Despite loving parents, I was molested from age six by a female babysitter,” she told the 200 guests at the launch party for her animal rights charity, the Pamela Anderson Foundation. “I went to a friend’s boyfriend’s house and his older brother decided to teach me backgammon which led into a back massage, which led into rape. My first heterosexual experience. He was 25 years old and I was 12.” PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Battled Drinking Problems A source close to the former Baywatch star told Radar that she’s been working with an addiction specialist who encouraged her to open up about her painful past. “Pamela has been working closely with an addiction specialist psychologist that has helped her tremendously. Those with past drug and alcohol abuse are encouraged to talk openly about their demons and that’s the reason she’s opening up about the child molestation and rape allegations,” the source told Radar. PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Reveals Rape, Molestation and Gang Rape During Charity Foundation Speech “Pamela was addicted to alcohol and cocaine and she spent a long time numbing her pain with those substances.” The actress’ rep, Ann Gurrola, told Radar, “I have no knowledge of any of [that]. I can tell you she is happily married, in fantastic health, her boys are wonderful and her family comes first.” The insider goes on to reveal that Anderson’s recovery is going well, as is her relationship with Rick Salomon. “Pam’s doing amazing with her recovery. She’s dropped all of her hard-partying friends and only surrounds herself with family and Rick Soloman,” the source said, echoing Radar’s exclusive story on the 46-year-old’s sobriety from earlier this month. PHOTOS: The 28 Biggest Sex Scandals In Hollywood History “She is closer than ever to her two kids and her life has transformed completely.” And speaking of transformations, Anderson’s shocking pixie cut was a symbolic way of dropping her previous “bimbo” reputation, the source indicated. Heroin Addicts, Coke Fiends & Celebrity Stoners — Hollywood Drug Dealers Tell All! “Pamela launched her own charity, the Pamela Anderson Foundation, as a way to give back to the community,” the source added. “Another positive step in her recovery.” 
