
							As Gwyneth Paltrow‘s birthday looms this Saturday, the Goop founder is shocked after estranged husband Chris Martin has told her of his plans to introduce their two children, Apple and Moses, to his girlfriend, Jennifer Lawrence, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Despite dating for only two months, “Chris has fallen hard for Jen, and they are having a lot of fun together,” an insider told Radar. “It’s happened very fast, and it’s extremely intense. Apple and Moses haven’t met their dad’s girlfriend, yet. Chris hasn’t been discussing the relationship with Gwyneth, out of respect.”
But the Iron Man star allegedly was shocked to learn that Coldplay’s lead singer would be willing to introduce his kids to his Oscar-winning girlfriend so soon!
 PHOTOS: A Look At The Home Gwenyth Paltrow & Chris Martin Shared
“Gwyneth was absolutely stunned ​when Chris told her he wants to introduce the kids to Jennifer,” the source revealed. “It won’t be happening right away, Chris wants to make sure this relationship is going to just fizzle out before taking such a big step.”
“He sees this relationship going the distance,” the source says. “This has been a huge blow to Gwyn’s ego because she has always bragged that she has Chris wrapped around her finger.”
Lawrence joined Martin and Coldplay in Las Vegas over the weekend as they performed at the iHeartRadio concert at the MGM Grand.
Jennifer Lawrence Is ‘The Anti-Gwyneth,’ Pal Says – Chris Martin Finds Happiness With ‘Hunger Games’ Star
But Radar readers already knew about it, because we reported it last month!
Sparks flew for the couple after Lawrence attended a Coldplay show in London on July 1.
On Saturday, Paltrow will turn 42, and will most likely spend the day with her children and estranged hubby.
PHOTOS: Heartbreak Home: Divorced Celebs and Their Former Love Nests
“[Paltrow and Martin] will put on a united front for the kids,” the source added.
Gwyn’s ego has also taken a hit because “Jen is just 24, almost twenty years younger than her! Being the hottest actress on the planet doesn’t help Gwyn. But Gwyn has something Jen doesn’t, two kids with Chris, and she won’t let him forget that,” the insider claimed.
						