 When baby daddy’s away, Jenelle Evans will play! The pregnant Teen Mom star used the time her baby daddy was behind bars earlier this month to reconnect with her notorious ex-boyfriend Kieffer Delp, and only RadarOnline.com has the shocking conversation that ensued: A brutal fight that turned ugly when she called her ex the N-word. Evans was home alone for two weeks while Nathan Griffith was in jail earlier this month, and during that time spoke with her troubled ex, Delp, via Facebook, ripping into him, calling his girlfriend a whore and using the racist slur. “Let’s see…Personal trainer, football player, college student, completed his 4 year term in the marines, was deployed twice I think but def once, graduated high school from a private school, comes from a great family,” she wrote, describing Griffith, before launching her vile bombshell. PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Kieffer Delp ‘N-Word’ Text Messages “Wouldn’t trade him for a N****R like u,” she slammed in the message obtained by Radar. Delp slammed Griffith to Evans, claiming that her baby daddy does steroids. “Your breakin my heart crybaby tell M***o quit the roids his wiener will work then haha enjoying wishing he would treat you like I did that is what you said ain’t it.” Jenelle Evans: 18 Secrets, Scandals & Lies From The Controversial ‘Teen Mom’ Star’s Troubled Life Evans ripped back into Delp, whom she previously accused of getting her hooked on heroin, comparing him to her boyfriend and singing his praises. “He might not be as nice as u were to me, but he’s the best f**king thing that walked into my life.  U were what? Playing COD and getting high wasting life…Begged me to come back or u were killing yrself. Well guess what go f**king kill yrself, cuz nobody would ever care not even yr own mother.” Delp hits back, telling her: “I’m so jealous he accomplished getting his ass whipped lol n***a got embarrassed n joy Yur life have a good 1. “And I could def beat your n***a to death if I wanted to and if not I show that n***a what getting stabbed in the fuckin heart feels like cuz I go harder that nigga is on disability fighting mma who you kidding lol not me. EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Arrested And Bloodied After Fight With Courtland “I agree but we were supposed to come back I gave yu everything n told yu I loved yu yu pawned all my tools but the past is the past like I said I forgive yu n if y u remember that vid made me look bad as it did yu n I asked her not to post I n she did it anyway then kicked me out soon after. Every girl is just like you in the long run.” When Delp tells her to break up with Griffith, the MTV star claims that she’s staying with him – but only because she’s expecting his baby. “Yeah but I’m pregnant…” she told Delp. “I don’t want to be alone with the baby. Not again, I wanted to do things right this time.” “I have a battle with my head every single day about this whole situation,” she confessed. “Idk wtf to do.” PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time “I’m trying so hard. He hurt me the way I did to u, and I’m sorry I did that. I was so mean to u and well karma came back to me and in a very harsh way,” the 22-year-old wrote in the mobile Facebook messages obtained by Radar. “It’s always down,” she wrote. “I wish he treated me like u did, that’s all. Yes we had problems but it was caused cuz of drugs and making stupid choices.” Are you surprised Evans is back in touch with Delp? Do you think she still carries a torch for him? Let us know in the comments! 
