 The woman at the center of the Donald Sterling racism scandal, the ex-Los Angeles Clippers owner’s gal pal V Stiviano, was badly beaten up by two white men in New York City on Sunday night, her lawyer has confirmed exclusively to RadarOnline. Around 7pm, as Stiviano was leaving the Gansevoort Hotel in Manhattan’s Meatpacking District, “two white men descended on her,” attorney Mac Nehorary said. “They were about 5’7 and they knew exactly who she was. They began to hit her and called her the N word. “Other disgusting slurs were made against her. She was able to run away and several onlookers then began attempting to apprehend the two men.” PHOTOS: 25 Stars Who Have Been Brutally Busted In Big Lies Stiviano was taken to a doctor who examined her for possible injuries, he said. She is expected to make a full recovery, although “one side of her face is extremely red and she is obviously very scared (about her wellbeing),” Nehorary added to. STORY: Donald Sterling’s Pathetic Racism Excuse Revealed In Second Secret Recording: I Was Just ‘Jealous’ & ‘Trying To Have Sex With’ V. Stiviano! LISTEN To His Crude Comments About His Penis Size Stiviano hadn’t filed a police report yet, he added. She “will probably do so (but) her immediate reaction was to run away from the attackers and get to safety,” Nehorary revealed. PHOTOS: Vanessa Stiviano Shows Off Gifts Shes Received From Donald Sterling Sterling’s alleged mistress and her lawyer are in New York to appear on CNN‘s Anderson Cooper 360 on Monday. Sterling, 80, was banned for life from the NBA by Commissioner Adam Silver because of the controversy over the racist comments recorded by Stiviano – who, some sources insisted, was never his lover. PHOTOS: Happy Trails Donald! A Look At Sterling’s Potential Successors At The Helm Of The Los Angeles Clippers Last Friday, Sterling’s estranged wife, Shelly, reached an agreement to sell the Los Angeles Clippers for $2 billion, pending league approval. This is not the first time Stiviano has faced issues since the scandal broke: As Radar detailed, she had received death threats and was forced to seek advice from a counselor to deal with the fallout of the scandal! GALLERY: Hollywood Divorce Lawyers Tell All — Prostitutes, Cross Dressing, Drugs & More Shocking Split Secrets  “V started getting death threats almost immediately after Sterling’s racist rants — which she recorded — were made public,” a source previously said. “Most of the threats were made on social media, and this is one of the reasons why she has scaled back her activity. It has been very scary for V, and she also hired a bodyguard.” PHOTOS: 15 Of The Most Embarrassing Celebrity Moments  During the outing on Sunday night, Stiviano was with a group of friends, but became separated from them as she was leaving the New York hotspot. Stiviano will still be on Anderson Cooper’s show Monday night, Nehorary told. “No one will intimidate her,” he said. Developing. 
