 What happened in Vegas didn’t stay in Vegas for Ben Affleck, when the actor was red-flagged at Sin City casinos for card counting. But has learned he hasn’t been limiting his play to the Nevada gambling mecca: While filming Batman Vs. Superman in Detroit, Affleck has been flying solo at nearby resorts during his time off, in order to satisfy his gambling need. An insider tells Radar that Jennifer Garner’s husband has been spotted at both the MotorCity Casino and Greektown Casino-Hotel in the Michigan capital. Specifically, on April 16 – nearly two weeks before the 41-year-old was barred from play at the Hard Rock Casino in Las Vegas “due to moving his money with the count” – he was trying his luck at MotorCity. READ The Security Alerts Accusing Ben Affleck Of Card-Counting Affleck has “been playing blackjack in the high roller room all by himself at the table,” the source told Radar, adding that the actor had been betting every day that week. And the multi-millionaire isn’t playing with small change. “He only uses $500, $1,000 and $5,000 chips,” the source claimed. Matt Damon & Ben Affleck: Boys Poker Night With that kind of cash at stake, the movie star is always being watched vigilantly. “There’s a security guard who stands behind him to watch and protect him,” added the source. “But it’s not his own personal bodyguard, it’s the casino security.” Does Affleck’s wife, Garner, know what he’s been getting up to while he’s out of town? PHOTOS: Ben Sports Black Eye Affleck has been in serious monetary hot water before after he lost $400,000 to movie mogul Ron Meyer in one game as a member of the notorious Hollywood secret poker ring. But, this time, so far luck has been on his side. “He was actually up and winning money,” during his time at MotorCity, the source said. “And he was good about tipping the dealer. PHOTOS: A-Listers Before They Were Stars How much? “Hundreds of dollars,” added the source. It obviously pays to wear the Batsuit! PHOTOS: Stars Who’ve Married Co-Stars Do you think Garner should be concerned? Or is his gambling harmless fun? Let us know in the comments! 
