 Lindsay Lohan isn’t the only one defending her London stage debut in Speed-the-Plow after she was accused of flubbing her lines. Her father is adamantly supporting his daughter amid the fierce criticism. “Critics are always going to be critics, Michael Lohan told exclusively. “They’re always going to pick her apart.” “It’s her first stage performance. They’re always going to be nerves involved,” he added. PHOTOS: Inside Lindsay Lohan’s Scandalous Life But despite her alleged poor performance, daddy Lohan is sticking up for his daughter’s work. “I don’t know she missed her lines. I don’t care what they say. She’s talented and I think we all know that she’s talented.” The Mean Girls actress came under fire last week after West End audience members took to social media to blast the 28-year-old for holding a book containing her lines and needing prompts from her co-stars. PHOTOS: ‘The Drugs Weren’t Mine!’ Lindsay Lohan’s 10 Biggest Lies Exposed But Michael said he has no doubt his daughter will overcome the negative hype when the play opens to the masses this week. “I spoke to her yesterday and she’s really happy. It’s opening this week,” he continued. “[Her mom] Dina, [sister] Ali and [brother] Michael are going out there. And I’m trying to get out there. “I think she’s going to give a stellar performance.” PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Works Out This isn’t the first time the troubled starlet has faced allegations of unprofessionalism over the years. Most recently, she skipped out on a scheduled Elle Indonesia fashion shoot causing an editor to call her a b*tch behind her back and frustrating the London cast of the David Mamet production for arriving late and unprepared. In fact, these types of headlines don’t faze her father — as long as her sobriety of more than a year stays intact. “She’s in a great place in her life, she’s sober and doing well,” he said. “I’m not worried about her at all. As long as she’s doing well and maintaining her sobriety, that’s all that matters to me.” PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Boozy Instagram Pics previously reported that Lindsay is still on the party path, despite her last — and sixth! — 90-day stint in rehab came to an end in July 2013 . She recently told the Mirror that her on-stage gaffes were blown out of proportion. “It could’ve been a disaster – but it wasn’t by far,” Lindsay said. “I respect people have an opinion, but I’m doing the best I can and will for the duration,” she added. “I’m doing this because working makes me feel happy and this is a new venture for me.” 
