
							Uh-oh! Charlie Sheen isn’t even married yet to porn star fiancée, Brett Rossi, and the mercurial actor is already complaining to close friends that the adult film star isn’t letting him party, which has led to non-stop fighting.
Referring to Rossi as “the ball and chain, Charlie is growing very wary of Brett’s controlling ways. There is always drama with Brett, and she doesn’t like Charlie hanging out with his friends at all,” a source told RadarOnline.com
“Believing Charlie’s pals to be a bad influence,” Rossi has allegedly banished Sheen’s pals from the Mulholland Estates mansion, leaving the former Two and a Half Men Star to take his antics outside the home.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Guns & Hookers — Charlie Sheen’s 23 Most Stupid & Bizarre Moments
“Charlie has been going out and leaving Brett at home,” the source added. “She lights up his cell phone demanding to know when he is coming home.”
The soon-to-be Mrs. Warlock has been forcing Sheen to even wear a male engagement ring!
“Brett forced Charlie to wear the wedding band, which he is wearing as an engagement ring,” the source told Radar. “Charlie continues to hang around with other women, which infuriates Brett. It’s disrespectful to their relationship, and Brett wants to make it clear that Charlie is off the market.”
PHOTOS: The 26 Most Outrageous & Over-The-Top Celebrity Weddings
Planning their upcoming Nov. 22 wedding has turned Rossi into a true bridezilla.
Charlie had asked Brett to hire his friend, “a small time party planner to handle their wedding,” a source revealed. “In the beginning, Brett agreed, just to make Charlie happy, as he was trying to give the guy some business.
“But when it became clear to Brett that he couldn’t deliver the over-the-top wedding of her dreams, he was fired,” the source claimed.
The insider revealed that Rossi wants a “big name celebrity wedding planner.”
PHOTOS: Race To The Altar: 20 Hollywood Couples Who Could Tie The Knot In 2014
Meanwhile, Sheen’s pals are “hopeful he will pull the plug on the relationship before the wedding. Charlie has indeed talked about breaking up with Brett, but hasn’t pulled the trigger.
“There shouldn’t be this much drama before a couple is married,” the source added.
Do you think they’ll make it to the altar? Sound off in the comments below…
						