 Has Dean McDermott turned over a new leaf? An insider on the set of Chopped Canada exclusively tells that Tori Spelling‘s husband has done a complete 180 since cheating on his wife last season — keeping his nose to the grind and focusing on the show. “Dean is like a totally different guy this season, but in a good way,” the source told now that McDermott, 47, has been back in Toronto for Season 2. PHOTOS: Celebrity Cheaters “During Season 1 you could tell he was partying a lot, but this year he’s keeping his head down, particularly with the women. Any flirting is clearly off limits.” Spelling, 41, and McDermott publicly played out their struggle to save their crumbling marriage during the six-series docu-series, True Tori, with the season finale focusing on whether or not the former 90210 star could trust her hubby to be back in Toronto, where he cheated last Dec. with 28-year-old Emily Goodhand. PHOTOS: 8 Years, 4 Kids & 1 BIG Cheating Scandal! We Look Back At Tori & Dean Through The Years On Their Wedding Anniversary “Dean isn’t really saying much about what happened last year, but if he mentions Tori and the kids at all it’s just to say how great they are and that he misses them,” the source revealed. “Of course his filming schedule is a bit different this year, but he really does seem to want to make his marriage work.” McDermott was spotted back in Los Angeles last weekend, out for a family dinner with Spelling and their 5-year-old daughter Stella. PHOTOS: Secrets & Lies: 10 Reasons Why Tori Spelling & Dean McDermott Might Have FAKED The Cheating Scandal To Score A Reality TV Show The threesome appeared casual and at ease, without a hint of all the trauma they’ve been demonstrating on their show which has focused on the cheating scandal that drove them apart. “So far it doesn’t look likely that there will be a repeat of last year,” the source added. Do you think Dean is serious about saving his marriage with Tori, and should she trust him to be alone filming in Canada? Sound off in the comments below . . . 
