 More than six weeks after Kendra Wilkinson kicked Hank Baskett out of the house following RadarOnline.com’s report of his alleged affair with a transsexual, his shattered marriage shows no signs of repair. But an insider claims that despite the high-profile scandal, the former NFL star seems determined to keep a lid on the controversy, and seems “totally in denial” about how it’s affected his family. Baskett was spotted out to lunch at Cecconi’s in Los Angeles on July 31, smiling and proudly flashing his wedding ring. By contrast, the day before, his wife looked drained and bedraggled when she was spotted in Malibu — no wedding ring in sight. PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating! “Hank is trying to act like everything’s fine,” an insider tells Radar. “He’s not bringing up the scandal with friends at all, and it seems like he’s totally in denial.” One clue to his mental state, however, is the fact that he’s been largely in hiding for weeks. After a reporter for The National ENQUIRER spotted him getting kicked out of the Calabasas, Calif., home he shared with Wilkinson in early June, Baskett was MIA until he surfaced in L.A. recently. PHOTOS: Bikinis! Sexy Stars Involved In Cheating Scandals “He’s been pretty much keeping to himself, and not responding to texts and calls from some of his closest friends,” the source said. “People are worried about him.” As Radar reported, Baskett allegedly had a steamy sex romp with transsexual model Ava Sabrina London back in April. London claimed he’d offered to pay her to keep quiet about the affair, but Radar broke the world exclusive story. MORE ON THE SCANDAL: Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis ‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship ‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel! What do you think — Will Kendra and Hank make it work or are they destined to divorce? Let us know in the comments!   
