 New Housewives, new drama! As the new season of the Real Housewives of New Jersey is set to premier, has exclusively learned that the women had a contentious relationship with one of the new cast members and the controversies got heated. PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives Amber Marchese is one of three new ladies to the Bravo franchise but it’s her motives for joining the show are already under fire. “She is trying too hard to be famous,” a show insider told. PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise “She desperately wants to be an actress like Heather Dubrow or NeNe Leakes and the other women felt like she spent the season pretending to be someone she is not.” uncovered videos of two acting roles Marchese has had in the past, a Mortgages NOW commercial and Galaxy Toyota’s “Mirror Mirror” spot. PHOTOS: The World According To Brandi Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes “Amber really is hoping this show will make her a name and she started filming acting like Teresa or Melissa, like she had been around forever,” the source told. “She’s probably going to say that she is ‘just being a character’ and that’s not her real life on the show, which is totally fake.” PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! According to the source, “just being a character” is a big red flag on the series. “Bravo executives hate when the women say they’re not being themselves. They still want them to act like this is a ‘reality’ show so if she tries to pull that after all the filming is done they’re not going to be happy with her.” PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives The source also told that “acting” by Marchese is a big worry. “Her biggest acting gig to date is landing on the RHONJ. Even in the previews she looks like she is acting. It’s so fake.” The Real Housewives of New Jersey airs on Bravo on July 13. (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = “//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1″; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs); }(document, ‘script’, ‘facebook-jssdk’)); Post by Action Media Productions, LLC. 
