 Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kim Richards announced this week that she had handed her pitbull Kingsley over to a trainer after it violently attacked her “second mother,” 80-year-old Kay Rozario. But in an exclusive statement to, Rozario claims she believes Richards’ statement was just a PR ploy — because she knows an “ugly” lawsuit is headed her way! “I don’t believe it,” Rozario told. “If she gave the dog to a trainer, Kim is intending to get the dog back in the future.” According to another source, Rozario “does not buy Kim’s sympathy plea. Kim knows there is a lawsuit coming her way, and this is about to get real ugly.” PHOTOS: Kim Richards Pitbull Mauled An 80-Year-Old Family Friend Rozario first went public with her claims on November 7, when her attorney Bill Zuhdi told exclusively, “I represent [alleged victim] Kay Rozario and she was attacked by Kim Richards’ dog on March 20, 2014, at Kim Richards’ residence. Mrs. Rozario was severely injured from the unprovoked attack of the dog … I have prepared a lawsuit and will be filing the suit [soon].” Rozario added at the time, “Kim contacted me four months later. She never offered to pay my medical bills. She did nothing. I said to her, ‘You have to get rid of this dog.’ She said, ‘No, I can’t. He is my best friend and I love him.’” That same day, following news of the suit, Richards, 50, released a statement saying that she “was shocked” that her “lifelong family friend” was “bringing suit against her.” PHOTOS: Ruff Life! The Dogs Of ‘Real Housewives’ Steal The Show “I was shocked to learn that lifelong family friend Kay Rozario is bringing suit against me for an incident that took place in March,” the RHOBH star said. “Mrs. Rozario has long played an important part in my life and is someone that I have looked at as a second mother. When the bite occurred I offered immediately to handle any and all costs associated with the hospital visit but was told that would not be necessary and there was nothing she needed me to do because insurance covered all costs. Her details of what happened that morning are vehemently not true, she walked into my bedroom the next morning reaching across Kingsley towards me and Kingsley went after her. She was fully aware that I had a dog before she came to town and saw him upon her arrival. In the past Mrs. Rozario has sold multiple stories involving my family and myself and was paid for her participation in a book about my family. This event took place on the morning of the first time I saw her in over 10 years after a reconciliation for her part in the book. It’s unfortunate how people can go against decades of friendship when something like this happens and make their rounds to the media for money.” As previously reported, Rozario’s claims came after the attack on Richard’s neice, Kyle Richards’ 18-year-old daughter Alexia Umansky. Following that incident, the reality star released a statement that that said, “At this point I am looking at options to what the next step is for Kingsley. As many of you can relate, he is my best friend. This is a very difficult decision and time for all of us, but the safety of my family always comes first.” Rozario told, “Regarding Kim Richard’s ‘family comes first comment,’ What was I? She claimed I was her second mother. Is that not family?” Story developing. Do you think that Kim Richards made the right decision by handing the dog over to the trainer, rather than having it put down? Let us know below. 
