 Hot on the trail of their lowest season premiere episode ever, ratings for the Real Housewives of New Jersey continue to plummet as the ladies brought in their lowest viewership ever for a single episode last Sunday, is exclusively reporting. Season 6 — featuring fan favorites Teresa Giudice, Melissa Gorga and Dina Manzo and newbies Teresa Aprea, Nicole Napolitano and Amber Marchese — debuted on July 13 only bringing in 2.1 million viewers in the key 18-49 demographic, and slipped a whopping 500,000 viewers the next week. PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Would Rather You Forget Titled O, Christmas Tre, the season’s second episode aired on July 20 and only brought in 1.6 million viewers, the New Jersey franchise’s lowest ratings ever. The low ratings come just one day after Radar exclusively reported that Bravo nixed Giudice, 42, from Sunday night’s appearance on Andy Cohen‘s Watch What Happens Live and replaced with Kathy Wakile and her sister Rosie Pierri. PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bodies In Bikinis “Teresa was notified by Bravo on Friday that her appearance on Sunday’s show was being canceled,” a Bravo insider told Radar. “No official reason was given, but the network has been upset with Teresa for not doing as many promotional appearances for The Real Housewives of New Jersey.” Giudice is reportedly on the chopping block with Bravo, with network execs questioning whether she’s worth her $700,000 salary. PHOTOS: The Real Housewives Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! In fact, she’s being largely blamed for the show’s failed ratings “Bravo bosses are starting to think that Teresa just isn’t worth keeping around if her diva behavior continues. The network is very sensitive to the fact that she is facing a looming prison sentence, and has tried to work with her during this difficult time,” an insider told Radar. “Teresa should start treating the producers and network executives with dignity and respect. They don’t have the time nor patience to deal with her temper tantrums. Teresa should recognize her only source of income is from the show.” Are you tuning in this season — why or why not? Sound off in the comments below . . . 
