 Brandi Glanville finally has a home to call her own! Sort of — RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star has signed a lease on a new house in Encino, Calif., a city in the San Fernando Valley roughly 40 minutes outside of posh Beverly Hills. PHOTOS: 25 Nastiest Moments Of LeAnn Rimes And Brandi Glanville’s Feud Glanville’s sons; Mason, 11, and Jake, 7, are currently in Hawaii on vacation with her ex-husband, Eddie Cibrian, and his wife LeAnn Rimes, so the reality TV star is hoping to have the house prepped for them when they get back. “My boys are in Hawaii & I miss them terribly already,” Glanville, 41, recently tweeted. “But I will be getting our new house all ready for them so they will be right at home!” PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives A source confirmed Glanville’s new home to Radar and says it features plenty of space for the family of three and even has a pool. “It’s a really nice house and right where Brandi wanted to be in Encino,” the insider said. “There’s three or four bedrooms and a nice pool in the back. Brandi’s really excited to finally have somewhere! It was a much more exhausting process than she’d anticipated.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise As Radar previously reported, it’s ironic that Glanville is neither married nor lives in Beverly Hills, as the title of her hit Bravo show touts. PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget What would Lisa Vanderpump say? Glanville previously tried to stir drama with Vanderpump by announcing on her podcast show that the British beauty didn’t always live in the 90210 but actually lived in . . . gasp! . . . the Valley. PHOTOS: Secrets & Scandals Of ‘Real Housewives of New York City’ — Brutal Beatdowns, Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals! “On our show, there are certain people who want to project this perfect persona like there’s nothing wrong in the world,” Glanville said at the time. “Like, Lisa Vanderpump used to live deep in the Valley and was filing for bankruptcy — and she doesn’t want to talk about that. That’s interesting to me.” PHOTOS: Glanville! The ‘Real Housewife Of Beverly Hills’ Star’s 30 Most Ridiculous & Outrageous Quotes Vanderpump adamantly denied both the bankruptcy and living in the Valley, to which Glanville blamed the incorrect info on hearsay from another Housewife, Kyle Richards. But here’s what we do know: Vanderpump lives in Beverly Hills and Glanville now lives in the Valley. 
