 When Peaches Geldof was found dead at her British home on Monday afternoon, a cause of death was not immediately forthcoming. But in the weeks before her shocking passing, fans and experts alike had spoken out about her shrinking frame — which she had attributed to a dangerous diet — even warning her that her eating habits could prove fatal. Geldof’s “worringly skinny” body raised concern during London Fashion Week in February, when she posted Instagram shots of her jaw-droopingly tiny waist and arms on Instagram. Bloggers called the look “super skinny,” “scary,” and expressed concern for her health. But it wasn’t the first time that her eating habits had been called into question. Back in 2011, she stunned fans by revealing she often subsisted on only fruit and miso soup for weeks at a time. PHOTOS: Wasting Away: Peaches Geldof Dropped Nearly 50 Pounds Thanks To Dangerous Diet Before Her Death “I do juicing,” she told OK! magazine. “You juice vegetables and then you drink it three times a day. It’s gross. I do it usually for about a month.” “I have no willpower, but with the juicing, I”m like, ‘I have to do it because I have to lose this extra ten pounds,'” she said. PHOTOS: The Life & Times Of Peaches Geldof “Sometimes it’s hard,” she explained in another interview. “If you open any high-fashion magazine, the girls in it are stick-thin and they’ve been airbrushed down to the point where it’s just ludicrousness. I have days when I wake up and think, ‘I’m so fat.'” So in addition to her juicing diet, Geldof also reportedly subsisted on miso soup. In one outing to Busaba Eathai Thai restaurant in London in 2011, she reportedly spent more than an hour sipping down one bowl. PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young At the time, a spokeswoman for the British Dietetic Association announced, “Surviving on fruit is a very dangerous diet. Peaches is at a high risk of electrolyte abnormalities, which could lead to cardiac arrest. Rapid dieting like this not only makes you lose muscle strength, but wastes away your internal organs. … It’s worrying that somebody who has money and access to contacts would pick such a ridiculous way to diet.” It’s not known whether Geldof was dieting at the time of her death, or whether her eating habits contributed to her passing. Story developing. 
