 Real Housewives of New York City star George Teichner, 78, is ready to walk down the aisle with his 25-year-old fiancée Dana Cody. Now, Aviva Drescher’s dad is speaking out exclusively to Radar about the wedding plans — and why their love will last! Teichner tells Radar that his daughter has taken control of the process. PHOTOS: See Teichner’s R-Rated Profile! “She has become the ‘Wedding Planner,'” he told in an exclusive interview. “She has become a dear friend of Cody’s. In as much as Cody is currently extremely busy furthering her Treasure Nails/Tippie Toes salon empire, Aviva is seeking a location to ceremony our marriage.” The infamously sex-crazed reality star is even open to multiple “I dos” with his much-younger fiancée. PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots! “Perhaps one ceremony in Manhattan and another in South Beach,” said Teichner, adding that Drescher is scoping out wedding dress designers for her future mother-in-law and taking care of other matrimonial must-haves. A location and date are “merely a susurration at this moment,” as he puts it, but he says they’ll definitely be tying the knot before the end of the year — despite Radar’s report that he has a Match.com profile. PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies ‘The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Would Rather You Forget “We’re deciding on which locale(s), small or large amount of guests, seating the families together, white or yellow gown for Cody, rings, primary residence to remain in South Beach, buy a house in L.A., etc.,” Teichner said. So is he a groomzilla? Or does Cody have bridezilla moments? Don’t ask this reality star dad. “I haven’t a clue comprehending those two bizarre words,” he said. “All I know is when two people as Cody and I make a commitment, we venture into the unknown.” PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise While the nuptial specifics are still being solidified, Teichner knows how he envisions his dream wedding. “Memento of love and affection,” he said. “Every day is a right day for something — few are life changing. But wouldn’t it be nice to know if our wedding ceremony is one of those days?” PHOTOS: The Bravo Curse! 10 Reality Stars Who Made All The Wrong Headlines After Appearing On TV So, for now he’s just enjoying the days before wedded bliss. “Beingness cannot be quantified — that’s how the engagement goes,” he said in his signature ladies man lingo. “It is a transition to marriage. It is a committed, serious learning process, a very important part of my life, and a wish bringer. Whether God, or the Cosmos, sent Cody to me for a karmic reason, a wonderful reason, or a lifetime wonderful companion — Allelujah . . . Jubilation!” 
