
							Real Housewives of New Jersey‘s Amber Marchese‘s husband, Jim, appeared to threaten Melissa Gorga‘s husband, Joe, in a preview clip of Season 6 in connection with Teresa Giudice‘s legal problems. 
However, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting that Bravo edited the footage to make Jim look like the villain, when he was actually trying to help the Giudices.
PHOTOS: 9021-Oh No They Didn’t! 25 Scandals and Controversies The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Would Rather You Forget 
Amber’s hubby bragged in a preview clip about his ties to the “Attorney General that is prosecuting” to Teresa’s brother, Joe, in a heated confrontation. 
Jim made the claims in a recently released promo clip for the show, where he is shown telling Teresa’s brother in a menacing and threatening tone, “I work with the same f**king attorney general that is prosecuting your brother, you dumbf**k.”
Sources connected to the situation tell us, “Amber and Jim arrived at the party, which was to benefit first responders. Everyone was drunk and loud. 
PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bodies In Bikinis
“Jim just wanted to leave, and on his way out, Joe (Gorga), told him to stay and party. Feeling uncomfortable because Jim is actually assisting the Department of Justice in a separate criminal investigation in which his company is an alleged victim. Jim tried to tell Joe that staying could place Teresa and and husband, Joe, in a precarious situation because at that time, their case was still pending.”
The source continued, “It could have been a very bad for Jim and the Giudices to put himself in that position because he didn’t want to be drawn into the ongoing legal issues facing Joe and Teresa. He tried to explain that to Joe Gorga, but he just didn’t understand it, so Jim used the term Attorney General to try and get it thru his head.
The Department of Justice “District of New Jersey” that is prosecuting a case for Jim’s company and is also working on Joe Giudice’s matter.
PHOTOS: The Real Housewives Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their Mug Shots!
Discussions between Joe Gorga, Joe Giudice and Jim could have placed them all in legal jeopardy.
Joe and Teresa are scheduled to sentenced on fraud and bankruptcy charges in September. 
Counters another insider, “Any fool can understand the gravity of the situation and that Jim was trying to avoid a potential harm for all. He has the utmost respect for Teresa and Joe, and wants them to be treated fairly in court.”
The Real Housewives of New Jersey airs on Bravo on Sunday nights. 
						