
							Yesterday, Donald Sterling’s reaction to his racism scandal was heard for the first time, as he insisted “I’m not a racist,” on RadarOnline.com’s bombshell secret audio tape.
Now, in an explosive second recording, the Los Angeles Clippers owner reveals what he says is the true reason for his hateful comments — He wanted to sleep with his assistant and rumored mistress, V. Stiviano. Only RadarOnline.com has the jaw-dropping recording of Sterling as he tries to explain away his vile words with empty excuses and crude sexual comments.
As Radar has reported, Sterling lavished his personal assistant Stiviano with luxury gifts for years, but sources insist she never slept with him in return. And according to the new recording acquired by Radar, he was trying to change that when he launched into his racist rant during a phone conversation with Stiviano.
In that tape, “I’m talking to a girl. I’m trying to have sex with her,” Sterling explains to a long-time friend in the recently recorded phone conversation obtained by Radar. “I’m trying to play with her. If you were trying to have sex with a girl and you’re talking to her privately and you don’t think anybody’s there, you may say anything in the world!”
PHOTOS: 25 Stars Who Have Been Brutally Busted In Big Lies
“Then, if the girl tapes it and releases it, my god it’s awful,” he continues. “Who thinks anybody’s gonna tape something?”
Sterling, 81, was previously recorded telling Stiviano, 31, “It bothers me a lot that you want to broadcast that you’re associating with black people … You can sleep with [black people] … The little thing I ask you is not to promote it …”
In the new recording, Sterling’s first since the scandal broke, the disgraced NBA owner explains his twisted reasoning for those statements.
PHOTOS: Vanessa Stiviano Shows Off Gifts Shes Received From Donald Sterling
“The girl is black,” Sterling says. “I like her. I’m jealous that she’s with other black guys. I want her. So what the hell. Can’t I in private tell her, ‘I don’t want you to be with anybody?’”
In particular, Sterling had exploded over a photo Stiviano posted on Instagram of herself posing with Magic Johnson.
“The picture is not [the issue],” he now explains. “I wish Magic Johnson was talking to a girl and you trying to play with her, and you might say anything. You might say you have the biggestpenis in the world! I would have said I could fly over a high rise building if I had to!”
PHOTOS: Happy Trails Donald! A Look At Sterling’s Potential Successors At The Helm Of The Los Angeles Clippers
“And you’re talking to her and then you go away,” he continues. “And the next thing you know, three months later what you said when you were hot trying to get in her … is released!”
Public backlash was swift once the tapes were released, with NBA Commissioner Adam Silver giving Sterling a lifetime ban on April 29. Pressure for him to sell the team continues to mount, but as Radar has reported, Sterling refuses to back down.
“So they should take away for life your team [if] you say the wrong thing to a girl?” he rants. “…I know what I said was wrong. But I never thought the private conversation would go anywhere, out to the public.”
GALLERY: Hollywood Divorce Lawyers Tell All — Prostitutes, Cross Dressing, Drugs & More Shocking Split Secrets 
Sterling insists, “I didn’t want her to bring anybody to my games because I was jealous! I mean, I’m being honest. Doesn’t matter.”
Indeed, Sterling’s excuses have fallen on deaf ears at the NBA. Hours after Radar first released the world exclusive recording, an NBA source told Radar, “The NBA is aware of and has heard the latest Donald Sterling audiotape. His comments won’t change Commissioner Silver’s decision to ban Mr. Sterling for life from the game, and [Silver] will still be urging the other owners to force him to sale.”
Furthermore, the source confirmed Radar’s report about an investigation into Sterling’s wife, Shelly, adding, “There is now a separate investigation into allegations involving racism and Shelly Sterling. There is court evidence that was brought to the league’s attention in the last few weeks, in which Mrs. Sterling allegedly made racist comments.”
PHOTOS: 15 Of The Most Embarrassing Celebrity Moments 
As such, the NBA has requested a formal interview with Shelly as part of the investigation, according to the source.
LISTEN to the bombshell second recording featuring Sterling’s sexual comments and lame excuses here:
		
			
			
		
		
 
						