
							Who needs Cupid when you’ve got L. Ron Hubbard A-list Scientologists have often looked within the walls of their church for potential mates, and Tom Cruise is no exception: Only RadarOnline.com has all the details about his new girlfriend, Orange Is the New Black actress Laura Prepon‘s secret Scientology past — and why she’s likely known Cruise for years!
Love is actually what got Prepon into the church in the first place: Though raised in a Russian Jewish and Irish Catholic family in New Jersey, she was first introduced to Scientology in the early 2000s by Scientologist boyfriend Chris Masterson (who she dated until 2007) and her That 70s Show co-star, Danny Masterson.
Radar has learned that Prepon was named in Scientology literature as having completed an “Overcoming Ups & Downs Life Course” in September 2001. Three months later, she completed the “Purification Rundown,” according to reports, which is noted on Scientology’s website as being effective in helping someone “to rid himself of the harmful effects of drugs, toxins and other chemicals.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood Stars Who Are Scientologists
Around the same time reportedly Prepon completed the course, Cruise was actively promoting it as a rehabilitative program for people who had experience the 9/11 attacks.
Prepon was also listed in Scientology literature as having completed the “Happiness Rundown” in April 2004, “The Route To Infinity Course” in 2005, and the “Basic Study Manual” in that year, among others.
She broke up with Masterson in 2007, but has since been spotted mingling with fellow A-list Scientologists like John Travolta and Kelly Preston at high-profile events, including the 2013 Church of Scientology Celebrity Centre Gala on August 24, 2013, and the Church of Scientology’s Christmas stories event in December.
PHOTOS: The War Against Tom Cruise, John Travolta & Kirstie Alley’s Controversial Religion Explained In 17 Clicks!
One month before that, it was Cruise hanging with Travolta and Preston at a Scientology event in Florida.
And last summer, Prepon’s family friend Alanna Masterson was reported to be dating Connor Cruise.
Cruise’s rep has denied they’re dating.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Life After Scientology — Church Leader’s Niece Jenna Miscavige Hill
But do you think Prepon and Cruise are a good match? Let us know in the comments!
						