
							It’s the video that could break Kendra Wilkinson’s heart: After a world exclusive report about claims Hank Baskett cheated with a transsexual, now RadarOnline.com can reveal shocking surveillance video footage that shows a car nearly identical to his pulling up at the apartment where the woman at the center of the scandal lives!
PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating!
Surveillance video footage recorded on June 4 shows a silver Jeep similar to the one owned by the 31-year-old former NFL star pulling up to London’s luxury L.A. condo. According to multiple sources, Baskett was there to drop off $2,000 as a good faith gesture, so she’d keep quiet about their sordid sexual fling.
As Radar has reported, transsexual video model Ava Sabrina London claims that she hooked up with Baskett on April 21 at her Sherman Oaks, Calif., pad after he saw her YouTube videos online.
PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions
During the date, “Hank and I gave each other hand jobs and he played with by breasts,” London said in an exclusive interview.
As Radar previously reported, London claims Baskett told her he had never been with a transsexual before, but said he hoped to meet up again.
PHOTOS: Bikinis! Sexy Stars Involved In Cheating Scandals
After allegedly giving London around $500 following the encounter, sources say Baskett continued to take care of her financially by going to her place a second time on June 4 to drop off cash, which was captured on camera.
Bikini-loving video vixen London is originally from Northern California and has a Youtube page featuring a bookings email address and more than 60 videos of her pouting for the webcam and sexily writhing to dance music.
Baskett and Wilkinson have yet to comment on the growing scandal, but tensions within their home seemed to explode last Friday when Baskett left the Calabasas, Calif., home he shares with Wilkinson and their two kids, Hank, 4, and Alijah, two months. The former Philadelphia Eagles player carried bags in hand leaving the home and speeding off in his Jeep to a nearby motel.
		
			
			
		
		
MORE ON THE SCANDAL:
Kendra Punched Walls, Flushed Wedding Ring After Learning Hank Cheated
Hank Baskett’s Mistress Surfaces: Transsexual Model Ava Sabrina London Spotted For First Time Since Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage Scandal Exploded
Bittersweet Reunion: Kendra Wilkinson’s Estranged Mother Patti Rushes To Her Side Amidst Heartbreaking Marriage Crisis
‘He Couldn’t Believe My Photos Were Real!’ Transsexual Model At The Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Scandal Shows Off The Body She Says Hooked Kendra’s Husband
Outta There? Moving Truck Spotted At Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett’s Gated Community Amid Transsexual Cheating Scandal — And On Couple’s Fifth Wedding Anniversary
Caught On Tape? Transsexual Model Claims Hank Baskett Begged Her To Cover Up Cheating Scandal In Secret Phone Call Recordings
Hank Baskett’s Sordid Pay For Play Scheme: ‘He Promised To’ Pay Off Transsexual Mistress After Sex, She Claims In New Video Interview
Caught In The Act? Surveillance Video Shows Jeep Similar To Hank Baskett’s Pulling Up To Transsexual Model’s Apartment
The PROOF Hank Baskett Strayed? Transsexual At Center Of Cheating Scandal Passed A Polygraph Test About Their Relationship
‘He Thought I Was Beautiful’: Transsexual Model At Center Of Hank Baskett Cheating Claims Tells All — Including What She Says He Paid For A Steamy Sex Session
Watch: Hank Baskett’s Hush Money For Tran$$exual Model At Center Of Cheating Scandal — How Sex Swap Model Claims He Desperately Scrambled To Keep Affair Secret From Wife Kendra
Here’s Hank’s Hot Model! Transexual Mistress Linked To Hank Baskett Strips Down For Sexy Lingerie Pic
Hank Baskett’s Transsexual Mistress REVEALED! Meet Ava Sabrina London, The Model Who Doomed Kendra Wilkinson’s Marriage
The Ultimate Betrayal! Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Cheated On Her With A Transsexual — While She Was PREGNANT! — Sources Claim
Kendra Wilkinson’s Husband Hank Baskett Abruptly Leaves Their Marital Home — Ex-NFL Star Checks Into Motel!
						