
							The Band Perry singer Kimberly Perry married her boyfriend-turned-husband J.P. Arencibia on Thursday in her hometown of Greeneville, Tenn. and RadarOnline.com has all the photos and exclusive details. 
Wed at the Christ Chapel surrounded by family and friends in her small 14-square-mile town, A-listers and pals Carrie Underwood, Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert were also present for the ceremony. 
SEE THE PHOTOS: The Band Perry Singer Ties The Knot With Carrie Underwood, Blake Shelton & Miranda Lambert In Attendance 
Perry, 30, and Arencibia, 28 — former catcher for the Texas Rangers — exchanged vows after getting engaged last fall with a 3.3 carat diamond ring. 
“The town was going nuts over this wedding,” an eyewitness told Radar.
 PHOTOS: Solid As A Rock – 15 Of The Longest Marriages In Hollywood 
“Kimberly and her brothers (bandmates Reid and Neil Perry) have made this town very proud over the years and all the locals were happy to host her wedding.”
Among the family, friends and famous faces were a gaggle of media and hundreds of fans hoping to catch a glimpse of their favorite country stars. 
https://twitter.com/Bwbanks18/status/477195052507086848
“Kimberly looked gorgeous and was just glowing with happiness,” the source continued. 
“It was a fairytale wedding.”
Some of the townspeople felt Perry’s wedding was turned into a circus with all the attention:


I honestly feel sorry for K. Perry… She can't even have her wedding without stupid Greeneville people freaking out and trying to see her.
— Rachel Banks (@rachelbanks14) June 12, 2014

But all were congratulatory:


Big congrats to Kim Perry today as she gets married in our little hometown @thebandperry #greeneville
— Lindsey Smith (@lindsey_kate7) June 12, 2014



Excitement in downtown Greeneville today as they set up for Kimberly Perry's wedding beside us. 


The Band Perry has been making Greeneville proud
						

						Blake Shelton Carrie Underwood celebrity wedding Exclusives J.P. Arencibia Kimberly Perry Miranda Lambert Neil Perry Reid Perry Tennessee The Band Perry Wedding														
