 No stranger to drama, Charlie Sheen has a new kind of wild woman on his hands — a bridezilla! has learned that Sheen’s porn star fiancée, Brett Rossi, has become a wedding day diva while planning their autumn nuptials. According to an insider, Rossi has already fired one wedding coordinator, and is even hoping to get a celebrity magazine to do a full length feature on the event! “Charlie had asked Brett to hire his friend, a small time party planner to handle their wedding,” a source revealed. “In the beginning, Brett agreed, just to make Charlie happy, as he was trying to give the guy some business.” “But when it became clear to Brett that he couldn’t deliver the over-the-top wedding of her dreams, he was fired,” the source said. “Now Brett wants a big-name celebrity wedding planner, because she is obsessed with being in the press. She also wants a celebrity weekly magazine to do a full-length feature on the ceremony and reception!” PHOTOS: Drugs, Guns & Hookers — Charlie Sheen’s 23 Most Stupid & Bizarre Moments “This wedding will be over the top, but Brett is being an absolute nightmare to deal with,” the source continued. “She truly has become a real diva and no one likes dealing with her.” Sheen will be making his fourth trip down the aisle on November 22. Expect Rossi “to wear a custom couture wedding gown, nothing off the rack for her!” the insider previously told. “This will be very different from Brett’s first wedding.” PHOTOS: The 26 Most Outrageous & Over-The-Top Celebrity Weddings Indeed, the porn star has been married before, and her divorce was recently finalized. The Anger Management star proposed to Rossi in Hawaii on Valentine’s Day. With a wedding on the horizon, who should expect an invite? Shockingly, his ex, Brooke Mueller tops the guest list! She will be attending the wedding with their twin sons, Bob and Max, as has reported. PHOTOS: Race To The Altar: 20 Hollywood Couples Who Could Tie The Knot In 2014 Sheen and Rossi “both had the idea to invite Brooke to their wedding,” an insider revealed. “They all get along and are one big happy family. It might be unconventional for most people, but not for Charlie’s wacky world!” But with drama unfolding daily, “There is a very real chance that this wedding won’t happen because Charlie and Brett are also fighting a lot,” the source claimed. “His friends loathe Brett because she doesn’t let Charlie hang out with them.” Do you think Sheen and Rossi are a good match? Let us know in the comments! 
