 Teen Mom 2 star Chelsea Houska’s baby daddy Adam Lind has a long criminal history including three DUIs, disorderly conduct, careless driving, seatbelt violations and other driving and alcohol related charges. Well, now it turns out that Lind’s new girlfriend Brooke Beaton has her own criminal history. Sam Clemens, PIO for Siox Falls Police Department in South Dakota, told exclusively that the 26-year-old has four criminal reports. Beaton’s first arrest took place in 2008. A report was filed against her on March 18, 2008, claiming that she had been working at a business called Precision Time in Sioux Falls and was supposed to be making deposits for the company when $637 went missing. PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Moms’ 20 Most Shocking Scandals  A warrant for her arrest was issued on Oct. 3, 2008, for embezzlement in the first degree, and she was arrested on May 22, 2009. On Jan. 14, 2009, another report was filed against Beaton after she had been working for a trucking company and “wrote checks to herself and cashed them,” Clemens told. “[Beaton] wrote six checks” totaling $3,800 the PIO said. The amount of $2,400 were passed in Sioux Falls, and some of the checks were passed in Minnesota. Beaton was busted on Nov. 19, 2009, for embezzlement involving grand theft. A year later, Beaton got into a sticky situation with a cop. PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans: 18 Secrets, Scandals & Lies From The Controversial ‘Teen Mom’ Star’s Troubled Life According to the PIO, she was a passenger in a car that was pulled over, and she provided the stopping officer with a false name. The officer also found marijuana inside of Beaton’s purse. Beaton was arrested on the spot on Oct. 7, 2010, for false impersonation, possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. PHOTOS: Rape, Abortions, STDs, Homelessness: ‘Teen Mom 2’ Star Kailyn Lowry’s 15 Most Shocking Secrets and Scandals Revealed Then, on Jan. 3, 2011, a warrant for Beaton’s arrest was issued after she didn’t appear in court to deal with getting a ticket for driving without insurance. According to sources, Beaton has been living with Lind — who recently got out of jail — for several weeks now. 
