 A judge has just ordered 10 pages of questions to be answered by Justin Bieber in written form and submitted back to the court, and has exclusively obtained the questions. The questions are in regard to an ongoing lawsuit against Bieber and his bodyguard, filed by a Miami Beach photographer, and the Canadian pop star has just one week to answer all of the questions. EXCLUSIVE: Justin Bieber Must Answer These Questions For The Court — See Them Here! According to an insider, attorneys were displeased with how Bieber’s deposition went (shocking and rude, were words used to describe it!) so they’ve demanded he take the time to properly answer all the questions issued on paper. One of the questions asked on the paperwork titled “Interrogatories To Defendant Justin Bieber” that will require the most detailed answer, is: “Please state the name, address and telephone number of all persons who have traveled with you for every trip you have taken during the past two years. For each said person, please specify the trip or trips said person traveled with you on.” SLIDESHOW: You Better Belieb It! 30 Scandals & Hidden Secrets To Hit Pop Star Justin Bieber Many of the other questions refer to specific dates between June 3, 2013 and June 8, 2013 — asking about who was with him at the Hit Factory recording studio at which the incident in question took place, who attended the Miami Heat basketball game with him, and who provided security protection for Bieber while he was in Miami. “Have you, or has anyone acting on your behalf, ever asked or directed anyone, including but not limited to security personnel, to prevent someone from taking your photograph, or to obtain the camera, film and/or digital film card from someone who was taking, or was attempting to take your photograph?” one of the questions asks. “If your answer to this question is affirmative, please state, as to each time this occurred.” PHOTOS: Justin Bieber Greets Fans Friday Night After Arrest Bieber, 20, won’t be able to get away with answering, “I don’t recall,” like he did numerous times during his taped deposition, leaving all parties frustrated. For the latest with Bieber’s ongoing lawsuit, stay with! 
