
							Wrestling fans have launched a campaign to have Nancy Grace axed after a heated on-air confrontation with the famed wrestler Diamond Dallas Page about the death of The Ultimate Warrior, during which the outspoken HLN host brought up the issue of steroid use in the sport.
“If he was in such great shape, why was he found dead?” Grace asked Page, who was born Page Joseph Falkinburg.
“The last thing I am is a doctor, Nancy,” Page answered.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
“He’s admitted that he used steroids,” Grace pressed.
“Yeah, back in the day, we all used them back in the day,” Page said.
“Whooooa,” Grace said back at Page. “Now we didn’t all — I never used a steroid. I wouldn’t know a steroid if it bit me in the neck!”
Responding in an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, Page attacked the talk show host over the segment (which Radar participated in) and claimed he was “ambushed.”
PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Died In Bizarre Circumstances
“I was asked to go on her show and talk about Warrior the man. I was even given bullet points from her producers about the topics we would discuss. After seeing the topics which were pretty basic,” DDP said.
“I felt it would be great to go on and discuss the legend he was and how I got to know him.”
However, according to Page, it was clear that Grace only wanted to talk about steroid use in wrestling — not surprising from the prosecutor turned journalist, given the unexplained nature of his death.
“With that being said, I wanted to share a story that when Warrior came back to wrestling back in the WCW days he sat myself and Bill Goldberg down and said he was watching all the fun we were having and wanted to be a part of it again.
PHOTOS: Accident Or Murder? 20 Celebrity Deaths That Left Us Puzzled
“To hear him tell me that was the coolest thing. The Ultimate Warrior returning to wrestling because he was watching our stuff? How awesome is that!
“Fast Forward 18 years later to this past weeks WWE Hall of Fame speech. I mean The guy gave my DDP YOGA a shout out like four times during his speech simply because he was happy it was helping people and obviously he didn’t have to do that. It just goes to show the man he was.
“What hurts is the fact that I couldn’t say thank you to him for it. I went looking for him but couldn’t find him. I wanted to call him but never got the chance.”
“That’s the warrior that I wanted to discuss on her show. However, it’s clear I was ambushed.”
‘Every Man’s Heart One Day Beats Its’ Final Beat’: Pro Wrestling Legend Warrior Dead At 54, Days After Prophetic Statement In Triumphant Return To WWE
In the wake of the confrontation, there’s now a related petition on change.org to CNN — parent network of HLN — calling for Grace’s job.
“Everyone has been asking me what would I say to Nancy Grace now after she had me on,” said Page.
“The answer is easy. I don’t need to say a word. Look on all the social media sites, the fans are saying it all!!  I will not change who I am because of the way others act. Its just not me. However lesson learned.”
As Radar previously reported, The Ultimate Warrior died tragically Tuesday afternoon while leaving an Arizona hotel.


						