
							Modern Family star Ariel Winter has made millions starring in the ABC comedy, but off-screen, she continues to be dragged through a family drama that has the potential to destroy her career — and her very sanity! Only RadarOnline.com has the latest explosive court documents in her ongoing guardianship case, which see her dad and older sister accuse her mom of “psychological control,” “harassment,” and worse!
Winter’s mother, Chrisoula Workman, recently served subpoenas to Bank of America, Morgan Stanley smith Barney LLC, and City National Bank, asking the financial institutions to turn over any documents related to her daughter’s finances. Now, Winter’s dad, Glenn Workman, has filed three separate motions to quash the subpoenas, obtained by Radar, claiming that Chrisoula’s requests were “over broad, irrelevant, unnecessary and unreasonable,” and asking a judge to deny her the info.
READ The Shocking Allegations From The Court Docs
“Granting a petition for guardianship has nothing to do with the current financial state of the minor’s estate,” Workman claims in the court documents. “…Ms. Workman’s request for procurement of such documents is not to ‘prove or disprove a disputed fact.’ In fact, her request is an attempt to further humiliate her daughter and destroy her career.”
Disclosure of the financial information could “jeopardize” Winter’s career, the documents claim, and cause her “intimidation, harassment, and abuse.”
What’s more, the move “would enable [Ariel’s mom] to learn about her current finances, contracts, daily activities and networks of support,” according to the documents.
PHOTOS: Kissy, Kissy! ‘Modern Family’ Star Ariel Winter Shows Off New Boyfriend
“The court is well aware of the harassment that Ms. Workman’s involvement in the case has caused the minor,” Glenn claims in the filing. “Thus, giving the minor’s recent history with Ms. Workman, and Ms. Workman’s attempts to hijack the minor’s career (harboring the minor’s monies against court orders) the guardian of the estate Glenn Workman has a reasonable basis for believing that the minor’s career, and sanity, depends on shielding her personal information from Ms. Workman.”
The documents even claim that access to the information “could intensify Ms. Workman’s psychological control over the minor and her career.”
Thus, Winter’s dad insists, “the subpoena should be quashed” and her mom should not get access to her bank records.
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
Winter’s dad is currently the temporary guardian of her estate, and her sister, Shanelle Gray, is the temporary guardian of her person. Both seem to be working out well as far as Winter is concerned. On April 10, International Sibling’s Day, she posted a picture of herself with a sweet caption expressing her love:
“Happy sibling day to the one and only @shanelle_gray. She’s my best friend, my sister, my mister and my angel. You have saved and changed my life in so many ways. You’ve taught me things I’ll never forget that made me a better young woman, a better friend, a better sister, and most importantly, you’ve taught me to have respect for myself and others around me. You’re an inspiration to me, and to all young women who’ve been through even close to what you have. You’re an extremely successful, strong, beautiful, and intelligent woman that I could one day only hope I’ll be like. You’re an incredible mother also by the way. Seriously it’s ridiculous. You’re hot AND an awesome loving mom … You’ve done so much for me, and changed your entire life in the blink of an eye just to keep me safe, show me love, and adopt me into your, now our, beautiful family. I am forever grateful to you and am the luckiest girl in the world to call you my sister. I can’t tell you how much I appreciate you and love you. It’s a whole lot. Like A LOT. More than the moon and the stars and the unicorns. I’ve said this before, but you truly are a special person and you deserve everything from here to Mars. I guess what I’m trying to say is … I have the best sister in the world.”
Story developing.
						