 Angelina Jolie purchased cocaine and heroin from a regular drug dealer of hers in the late 1990s and now that man is stepping forward in a video interview published exclusively on RadarOnline.com. PHOTOS: Heroin Addicts, Coke Fiends & Celebrity Stoners — Hollywood Drug Dealers Tell All! Dealing out of his place in the Chelsea Hotel in New York City, Franklin Meyer, 68, tells The National ENQUIRER that Jolie — then in her early 20s — would regularly come to him for drugs and they developed a friendship. “Coke and dope,” Franklin responds in the video interview when asked what he sold the Tomb Raider actress, clarifying that by dope he means heroin. Franklin says he sold illicit drugs to Jolie “maybe 10 or 15 times” and sometimes he would make “special deliveries” to her Upper West Side apartment at the Ansonia hotel. PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions “It was just one time when I went up there to deliver something and we were hanging out,” Franklin says of the 16-minute never-before-seen footage of Jolie he took, with her permission. “We sorta had a friendship, it wasn’t just a dealer-client kind of thing. We liked each other’s company and we’d talk quite a bit.” And despite Jolie appearing to have marks and bruises all over her arms, Franklin says he never saw Brad Pitt‘s future wife shoot up with needles. PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle “She never bought large quantities. She just bought smallish amounts,” he said. “Keep in mind she just sniffed, as far as I know she didn’t smoke or shoot or do anything like that.” Watch the video on RadarOnline:   As Radar previously reported, the footage was taken right around the time the A-lister began dating Billy Bob Thornton, who would later become her husband. PHOTOS: Take A Look, Lindsay! 12 Stars Who Sobered Up In Hollywood Aside from a few conversations about sex, Franklin says Jolie was more intellectual, and preferred to talk politics and current events. “We had, what seemed at the time at least, a real friendship. And she would talk about, it could be politics, it could be current events. PHOTOS: Hollywood Bodyguards Tell All — Who Steals, Sexts, Does Drugs & More Star Secrets Revealed Once she came over with a book of little of important quotes, facts or something, and she was spatting from it like it was the Bible but in general we just talked about anything and everything,” he said. “It wasn’t restricted to one topic. We never talked about drugs or anything boring like that, it was what was going on in the world, either in her career or interesting things that were happening with me or with her or stuff like that.” Stay with RadarOnline.com for more on the interview with Angie’s former drug dealer! 
