
							In the latest of an ongoing family feud between Ramona Singer and her brother Bohdan Mazur, the Real Housewives of New York City star has come forward to deny claims made by her brother that she didn’t visit their ailing mother, Veronika Mazur, when she was battling leukemia.
“My mother was the most important person in the world to me and I would do anything for her and I always did,” Singer told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview.
“And for my brother to make up stories like that, it just hurts me beyond because my mother is sacred.”
PHOTOS: The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not?
Mazur recently told Radar that Ramona “didn’t visit our mom when she was dying of cancer” and even talked about it further in his new memoir, Aspen, Snow, Blow and Bo.
Singer has since denied Mazur’s accusations.
“When my mother was diagnosed with cancer, I found her the best doctor in New York City,” she told Radar.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Health Scares – 15 Frightening Medical Fears Of The Ladies Of Bravo
“I went with her to the appointment and I visited her every day. I made food for her, I cooked for her, and I had help there for her 24/7.”
Singer claimed that when her mother got extremely ill from the meds she was on that she made it a point to find her mother a new form of treatment.
“I went to the doctors and said, ‘I want you to take my mother off this medicine,’” she revealed. “They did it on like a Wednesday and by Friday, all of a sudden instead of laying in the bed, she was like a new woman.”
Check Out Radar’s Exclusive Pics of Sonja and Ramona’s Girls Night Out
Singer even helped her mother live another year when doctors said it wouldn’t be possible.
“I found this doctor and he was a doctor of alternative medicine,” she said. “In 2-3 months, my mother was playing bridge and riding around in a car. For a year, she had a quality of life like she normally did [before she got sick].”
After that year ended, Singer’s mother fell ill again and was in and out of the hospital — but Singer was determined to help her mother, so she brought her mother to New York City.
PHOTOS: Outrageous Extravagance! The Secret Life Of Socialites Revealed 
“My mother called me up crying, ‘Ramona, I’m not ready to die,’” she said.
“So we called the ambulance and my mother was so excited to come to New York. They took care of her there, so she survived.”
But sadly, Singer’s mother eventually lost her battle to cancer.
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
“She died on New Year’s Eve,” Singer said.
“She came to me in her death actually in a dream while I was with Mario and Avery in the Bahamas. I never have a problem sleeping and then all of a sudden I wake up, it’s 3:00 or 4:00 in the morning, and my mother comes to me and says, ‘I want to say goodbye to you.’ I find out she died at 4:00 in the morning that day.”
After such an emotional time of losing her mother, Singer was hurt by her brother’s words.
“When I see he is commenting on my relationship with my mother, it disturbs me greatly because I worship my mother,” she said. “I am who I am today because of my mother.”
“It’s sad and shameful when my brother uses my fame and notoriety to tell false stories in order to sell books,” she added.
						