   Though she led in the polls, Brazilian president Dilma Rousseff did not get the 50 percent of votes needed to win outright and will face opponent Aécio Neves in a runoff later this month. (Reuters)   RIO DE JANEIRO --  With 92 percent of the votes in Brazil's presidential election counted, incumbent Dilma Rousseff of the Workers Party is leading with 41 percent. She will almost definitely meet Aécio Neves of the Brazilian Party for Social Democracy in a second-round match-up. Neves has 34 percent. Brazilian Socialist Party candidate Marina Silva, who was until recently expected to face Rousseff in a second round, is out of the race, with 21 percent. Brazil's voting technology has been a central feature of Sunday's elections -- and not always for the right reasons. New biometric voting systems being tried in different states caused problems when the fingerprint identification did not always work. There were long lines at polling stations in Brasília, the capital, and Niterói, near Rio de Janeiro, as a result. Luiz Sampaio, 72, waited in line for an hour in Niteroí because machines were not working properly. It took numerous attempts before the machine recognized his fingerprints. "Each person took five to 10 minutes," he said. "Absurd."  Like many, he finally cast his vote for Rousseff. Dias Toffoli, the president of Brazil's Supreme Electoral Court, compared the situation to a motorist driving a new car for the first time, in comments made at a news conference Sunday and reported by the O Globo newspaper. "If the elector has to wait five or 10 minutes, what we have to guarantee is that the elector votes," Toffoli said. A craze among Brazilian voters to take "selfies" at voting machines has also dominated the day -- even though it is illegal. So much so that there is a Tumblr stream called #SelfieNaUrna. Technology also ruined Election Day for Col. Marcos Cardoso de Brito in Maceió, in Alagoas state in the northeast of Brazil. After an altercation in the line to vote, Brito, a candidate for senate for the National Ecological Party, lost his patience and slapped Marta Celeste de Oliveira, 39, who was waiting to vote, according to news site G1. The incident was recorded on a cellphone and the video quickly had 14,000 hits on YouTube. Brito was videotaped leaving the polling station in a tirade of abuse. It was not the kind of Election-Day selfie anyone would have wanted.     