Nine in 10 Indians agreed that rape is a "very big problem" in their country, according to a new poll from the Pew Research Center. The survey comes in the wake of a gruesome gang rape in December 2012 that shocked the nation. Law enforcement officials and experts say that, despite the passage of tighter sexual-assault laws, prosecutions remain slow and aggressors feel a sense of impunity. A rape occurs every 22 minutes in India, according to government crime records. Also from the survey: 74 percent of Indians say laws punishing the crime of rape are not tough enough. 78 percent of Indians say the country's police aren't tough enough when investigating caes of rape. 82 percent say rape is a growing problem in their country. Pew notes that roughly the same percentage of men and women, and urban and rural dwellers, say rape is a big problem. The survey also didn't find any major differences of opinion on whether current laws were tough enough between supporters of the BJP and Congress Party. India's huge parliamentary elections are going on right now. While both major parties have said women's safety and advancement are priorities, issues like the economy and corruption appear to loom larger for voters. 1 of 68 Full Screen Autoplay Close May 12, 2014   Monday May 7, 2014  Wednesday April 23, 2014   Wednesday April 17, 2014   Thursday April 10, 2014   Thursday  April 8, 2014 Tuesday April 7, 2014  Monday Skip Ad × India goes to the polls View Photos India’s opposition leader Narendra Modi and his Bharatiya Janata Party won national elections in a landslide in voting that began April 7. Caption India’s opposition leader Narendra Modi and his Bharatiya Janata Party won national elections in a landslide in voting that began April 7. May 16, 2014 Opposition Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and India's next prime minister Narendra Modi greets the media as he leaves the residence of his 90-year-old mother in Gandhinagar, in the western Indian state of Gujarat. Modi and his party won national elections in a landslide Friday, preliminary results showed, driving the long-dominant Congress party out of power in the most commanding victory India has seen in more than a quarter century. The Hindu nationalist Bharatiya Janata Party captured a commanding lead for at least 272 seats in the lower house of Parliament, the majority needed to create a government without forming a coalition with smaller parties. Saurabh Das/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.  View Photo Gallery —On Monday, April 7, 2014, Indians begin voting in the world’s biggest election ever. With an electorate of 814 million, the voting is set to take place in stages over five weeks. 
