 From left, Catherine Ashton, the European Union's former foreign policy chief; Geman Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier; Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi; French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius; British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond; U.S. Secretary of state John F. Kerry; and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov during nuclear talks with Iran in Vienna on Monday. (Roland Schlager/European Pressphoto Agency) The Iran deal is dead. Long live the Iran deal. American, European and Iranian diplomats left Vienna on Monday having agreed only to keep on talking, extending a deadline to arrive at an agreement over Tehran's controversial nuclear program by seven months. It was set to expire by midnight. Progress has been slow since last November, when Iranian officials and negotiators from the five veto-wielding members of the U.N. Security Council (the United States, Russia, China, Britain and France) and Germany hatched an interim agreement with Iran meant to pave the way for a lasting pact that would provide sanctions relief to that country and calm fears elsewhere over its ability to build a nuclear weapon. On Monday, top diplomats insisted that the gulf between both sides had been narrowed, if not bridged. "Today we are closer to a deal that will make the whole world, especially our allies in Israel and the gulf, safer," said U.S. Secretary of State John F. Kerry. But he stressed that there was still "a distance to travel" and that the United States and its partners weren't going to "negotiate with Iran forever." The two principal interlocutors — the Obama administration and the government of Iranian President Hassan Rouhani — have to walk political tightropes at home. The two camps have staked a lot of their credibility on breaking the impasse surrounding Iran's nuclear program and would suffer a blow if more than a year of strenuous diplomatic efforts and back-channel talks bore no fruit. For Obama, it would mean the collapse of perhaps his most ambitious foreign policy initiative in office — an attempt at an epoch-defining thaw in relations with one of the key players in the Middle East. For Rouhani, it would mean the failure of his relatively new administration to bring Iran out of the cold after years of deepening isolation during the presidency of demagogic firebrand Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. The alternative to a deal, argue supporters of rapprochement, would be a dangerous polarization in a part of the world that is already beset by numerous crises. The National Iranian American Council, which wants to see an improvement in ties between the two countries, made this argument on Monday for why the talks must be allowed to succeed: These negotiations offer a chance to prevent war, secure peace, and add stability to an unstable region. The sides came close but did not get there this time. They must get there soon because this window of opportunity will not last forever. The American people do not want another war. The Iranian people are suffering under sanctions. The sooner a deal is concluded, the sooner these issues impacting ordinary people can be resolved, and attention can be brought to resolve other critical issues, including regional challenges and Iran’s human rights situation. But others are less sanguine. Here's who's hoping the talks will fail. Israel's premier Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has been one of the most outspoken opponents of the nuclear talks. On Monday, he celebrated the failure of both sides to arrive at a lasting agreement. "No deal is better than a bad deal," Netanyahu told the BBC, adding that now was the time for even more "economic pressures" to be placed on Iran. That's a move that many members of the Republican-controlled Congress support but would imperil the talks. Israel is thought to have carried out a series of sabotage operations over the years — including killing Iranian scientists and  damaging Iranian facilities with a computer virus — in order to impede Iran's progress toward a nuclear weapon. But the notoriously hawkish Israeli leader reckons that more must be done to curb Tehran's nuclear ambitions and that the talks are a smokescreen for a clandestine build-up to the bomb. On Monday, though, the United Nations' atomic agency issued a report, cited by the news agency Reuters, indicating that Iran was so far in compliance with earlier agreements, halting some of its most sensitive nuclear activity and converting some of its stockpile of uranium gas into a form less conducive to making weapons-grade materiel. Netanyahu continues to see the Islamic republic as a mortal threat. His bluster has even irked those within Israel's security establishment; one former chief of the Mossad, Israel's top spy agency, publicly accused Netanyahu of prematurely beating the drums of war. Hard-liners in Tehran and Washington Many conservatives in both the American and Iranian capitals want to see the talks fail. They are animated by the more than three decades of animosity between the two countries, sparked by the 1979 Islamic revolution and the emergence of a regime hostile to U.S. interests. (The United States had helped install and preserve the rule of the unpopular, brutal Iranian monarchy in 1953 and, ironically, was instrumental in laying the foundations of Iran's nuclear infrastructure in the 1950s.) Now, some in Washington still see Iran as the third spoke in the "Axis of Evil," an ungainly geopolitical grouping that included Iraq under the late Saddam Hussein and North Korea and was conjured up by President George W. Bush in 2002. Alongside Netanyahu's government in Israel, these Washington hard-liners want to see Tehran dismantle all its reported centrifuges that could be used to enrich uranium — a non-starter for any diplomatic settlement. President Obama and other European leaders are keen on setting a limit to the number of centrifuges the Iranians can have in operation but know that the Iranians won't agree to setting the number to zero. Meanwhile, some Republicans are leading the push for new rounds of sanctions on Iran, something the White House deems "counterproductive." Rouhani, like his predecessors, has insisted throughout that Iran seeks to expand its nuclear program only for peaceful, civilian purposes, a position viewed with skepticism by many in the West. At home, the Iranian president has to contend with a chorus of hard-line critics who are dissatisfied with the government's negotiations. Two hard-line newspapers voiced their frustration not long after the meetings in Vienna ended. "Nothing!" - frontpage of hard-line daily Vatan-e Emrouz tomorrow #IranTalksVienna pic.twitter.com/Cr0Ab5hyzw — Adnan Tabatabai (@A_Tabatabai) November 24, 2014 Title of "Kayhan" daily 4 tomorrow:"Village chief (US) wasn't trustworthy, sanctions were extended". #IranTalksVienna pic.twitter.com/QzvHEIvB6Y — Abas Aslani (@abasinfo) November 24, 2014 They want to see immediate sanctions relief and are angry about having to make concessions to appease the West. The issue of Iran's nuclear independence is a matter of national pride and sovereignty, and it has the support of a wide cross section of society — not just the anti-Western ayatollahs who haunt the imagination of Iran hawks in the West. The longer the talks drag on, the less flexibility Rouhani and his deputies may have to engineer a deal. Saudi Arabia and the Persian Gulf states Some of the most vociferous opponents to a deal with Iran are in the neighborhood. The Sunni Arab monarchies of the Persian Gulf have long been at odds with the Islamic republic, a Shiite theocracy that has been engaged in numerous proxy wars in the region. In the midst of the bloody civil war in Syria, Iranian-backed factions have clashed with Sunni militias sponsored and propped up by aid from gulf monarchies. Saudi Arabia and other gulf states are wary of Iran mending fences with the United States and don't want to see Tehran have any opportunity to develop a nuclear weapon. There are already fears of a nuclear arms race in the region: Israel, though undeclared, is known to have a nuclear weapon; the Saudis, too, may very well seek to match Iran's capabilities. The rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran is one of the larger driving forces of geopolitics in the Middle East, brought into stark relief by sectarian bloodshed in the charnel houses of Iraq and Syria. In the past year, some commentators have asked whether it's time for Washington to dump the kingdom, its traditional partner, and find more common ground with Tehran. The Saudis, after all, have helped incubate the brand of puritanical Salafism that now inflames jihadist groups from Africa to Asia. Their draconian religious laws are among the most repressive in the world, and their political system is far more closed than that found in Tehran, which, for all its inadequacies, is still one of the more democratic regimes in the Middle East. No wonder many in the gulf states don't want to see a nuclear deal with Iran, which would be a vital first step for Tehran to normalize relations with the West.
