   (Facebook)  Democracy at its purest in a country roiled by unrest? A foolhardy appeal to populism? Smart jobs plan? Khaled Bahah, the newly appointed prime minister of Yemen, has asked his Facebook followers to assist him in selecting his new cabinet -- as in, the one in charge of running the country. "Participate, as a citizen, in nominating names of a government of technocrats and be part of the event," Bahah wrote in the post that went up Saturday. (The post is written in Arabic; the translation is from Gulf News.) Accompanying the text: a curious photo of an avatar deciding which way to go. Bahah has roughly 34,000 Facebook followers, the equivalent of a fractional percent of the country's 24.4 million citizens. The post has been "Liked" more than 6,400 times and been shared just over 1,200 times. Reactions were mostly positive, according to a a Gulf News story that noted: "General Mahmoud Al Sobihi, the commander of Aden-based 4th Military Zone, was widely recommended for the ministry of defence." The story goes on to point out that Mounir Al Mawari, a Yemeni journalist based in the United States, offered the new prime minister some practical advice: “I suggest excluding all members of the outgoing government before anything else since it is a failed government."    Khaled Bahah arrives in Yemen after a trip to New York ( Facebook)  Some commenters offered names that led to lengthy threads full of resume-boosting anecdotes and adjectives fit for a LinkedIn page. "Nominate Judge Hamed Abdulrahma," wrote one user, citing his "expertise, efficiency and integrity." Another user seconded the nomination, noting that the the judge "is best suited to the management of the Ministry of Justice in this serious and important phase." Other users, like one cited by the BBC, saw the post as a dereliction of duty. "It seems you're already lost," the man is quoted as saying. "As a Prime Minister you should have a vision of what you are trying to achieve… we want a government that will take responsibility." Formerly Yemen's ambassador to the United Nations, Bahah was appointed prime minister by President Abdu Rabbu Mansour on Oct. 13 and was given 30 days to form a government, according to state media reports. Though Bahah's Facebook post doesn't appear to set a timeline for his selections, AFP reported last week that "a Shiite rebel leader in Yemen warned" the president on Friday "to form a new government within 10 days or a 'national salvation council" would take its place." As the BBC reported, the new government will be the first to take office after a recent political crisis that led to armed confrontations inside the capital and the resignation of Prime Minister Mohamed Basindowa.