As the Israeli offensive in Gaza passes the tw0-week mark, protests are popping up in cities around the world. Here's a look. New York An Israel supporter holds up a sign during a rally at Times Square. (Eduardo Munoz/Reuters) Protesters marched in Chicago and New York City calling for freedom for Palestinians and an end to the attacks by Israel. (Casey Capachi/The Washington Post) Washington Supporters of the Palestinian rights organization al-Awda organized a demonstration. (Jim Lo Scalzo/European Pressphoto Agency) Several peace groups gathered to protest in front of the Israeli embassy on Friday to call for an end to Israel's bombing of the Gaza Strip. (Reuters) London Pro-Israeli demonstrators rally in front of the Israeli Embassy. Justin Tallis/AFP/Getty Images Marseille, France Pro-Palestinian demonstrators hold banners and shout slogans. (Claude Paris/Associated Press) St. Petersburg Activists take part in a rally in support of Israel. (Antoly Maltsev/European Pressphoto Agency) Beirut A Lebanese activist waves a Palestinian flag during a protest against the fighting in Gaza. (Hussein Malla/Associated Press) Frankfurt, Germany Several hundred people participate in a pro-Israeli demonstration. (Boris Roessler/European Pressphoto Agency) Nicosia, Cyprus Protesters gather during a pro-Palestinian rally. (Ktia Christodoulou/European Pressphoto Agency)     GALLERY: Israeli military campaign in Gaza triggers protests around the globe 1 of 16 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Israeli military campaign in Gaza triggers protests around the globe View Photos Demonstrators in India, Venezuela and other countries rally against the continued bloodshed in the region. Palestinian health officials say nearly 200 people in Gaza have been killed in the assault, which Israel says is designed to suppress a stream of rocket fire from the group Hamas. Caption Demonstrators in India, Venezuela and other countries rally against the continued bloodshed in the region. Palestinian health officials say nearly 200 people in Gaza have been killed in the assault, which Israel says is designed to suppress a stream of rocket fire from the group Hamas. July 15, 2014 Supporters of Kashmir’s main opposition group, the People’s Democratic Party, shout anti-Israeli slogans as they protest military action in the Gaza Strip during a demonstration in Srinagar, India. Tauseef Mustafa/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.  View Photo Gallery —Demonstrators in India, Venezuela and other countries rally against the continued bloodshed in the region. Palestinian health officials say nearly 200 people in Gaza have been killed in the assault, which Israel says is designed to suppress a stream of rocket fire from the group Hamas. 
