   (Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement)  When Nigeria's fight against the Boko Harem went center stage earlier this year, much of the criticism wound up at the government's door. Even the #BringBackOurGirls hashtag that caught the attention of the world was largely not a plea to the Islamist extremists themselves, but a criticism of President Goodluck Jonathan's perceived failure. The Nigerian military was another target of anger: As The Post's Pamela Constable and Karen DeYoung noted in May, there have been recurrent reports of abuses by the country's security forces, including mass killings of Boko Haram prisoners. On Thursday, Amnesty International added more fuel to the criticism of the Nigerian state by publishing a lengthy report alleging the widespread use of torture by the Nigerian police and military. Amnesty's report, which you can read in full here, says that the use of torture is particularly widespread in the northeastern part of the country – the same parts that Boko Harem operates in. There was no immediate response from the Nigerian government, although the country's police force issued a statement that said they took "serious exceptions to some blatant falsehoods and innuendos." That statement criticized Amnesty for a lack of contact with police authorities, and said that due to the long time frame of Amnesty's investigation (between 2007 and 2014), many of the worst excesses had already been dealt with. "Of a truth, torture or ill-treatment is not, repeat, NOT an official policy of the Nigeria Police," the statement read. Amnesty, however, says the use of torture is so routine that some police stations have an officers specially employed to administer it. “Torture is not even a criminal offence in Nigeria," Netsanet Belay, Amnesty International’s research and advocacy director, said. "The country’s parliament must immediately take this long overdue step and pass a law criminalizing torture. There is no excuse for further delay.” Amnesty says it spoke to 500 people in the course of their investigation. These testimonies, from detainees, their relatives, activists and lawyers, form the basis of a series of drawings by Chijioke Ugwu Clement that illustrate the report. The illustration at the top of this post is one such image – it shows a tooth being extracted by a police officer. Amnesty says these images are a "creative interpretation of torture techniques" used by the Nigerian forces. Read more from the report here, and see more of the images below. A detainee being made to roll over broken glass    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement  A detainee being suspended upside-down by his feet     Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement   The suspension of a detainee from a rod    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement  An interrogation    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement   "Water torture"    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement  A beating with machetes by a police officer    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement  A detainee being walked on    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement  Men being kept in a hole in the ground at a detention center    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement   Overcrowded conditions    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement   A detainee is beaten    Image © Chijioke Ugwu Clement  