   This undated family photo shows Alan Henning, who was killed by the Islamic State group.  (PA Wire/AP)  The killing of Alan Henning, a British hostage held by extremist group Islamic State, has caused anger and turmoil for many who knew him, and many who didn't. Notably, many of the most prominent voices of anguish have come from Britain's Islamic community. That's largely because Henning was not a Muslim, yet was working with an Islamic charity when he traveled to Syria. The Islamic State appears to have targeted him over his colleagues due to that fact. A number of British Muslims had written a letter asking for Henning's release, and the organizer of the trip on which Henning was kidnapped released an emotional plea for clemency to the Islamic State.    Both a church and a mosque hold services honoring Alan Henning, the 47-year-old British aid worker, who was slain by Islamic State militants after they had held him hostage for months. (Reuters)   The calls for Henning's release apparently fell on deaf ears: Video of Henning's killing was released last Friday. Now Muslims in Britain have declared their support for fundraising efforts that would go to Henning's wife and two children as well as the causes he has supported. According to the Bolton Record, on Tuesday, a Muslim group from Henning's home town released a statement announcing their support for the fundraising projects. “We would now like to support the funds set up to help provide financial support for Alan’s family and other ongoing projects to benefit those in need to ensure his legacy continues,” a statement from the Bolton Council of Mosques read. "The Muslim community around the world celebrated Eid with their loved ones recently," the statement continued. “But, for one family they were without their loved one, Alan Henning, a hero, who voluntarily went to Syria to assist those in need." There are at least two separate online accounts dedicated to Henning. One fund was set up by Shameela Islam-Zulfiqar,  a doctor who accompanied Henning on his trip, and currently has £24,216 in donations ($38,832). "News of his murder has left us all enraged and distraught," Islam-Zulfiqar had said this week. "In the face of this atrocity, we all need to stand together as Muslims and non-Muslims. We should not let this divide us." Islam-Zulfiqar says that the page was set up with permission from Alan's wife. "A project will also be set up in Alan's name eventually to benefit those that Alan died trying to help in Syria," the page also states. A separate fundraising page has £8,736 ($14,008), while a third account is raising money for the charities Henning supported. 