   A view of the mountains in the Annapurna circuit from a cliff at the High Camp, the last rest stop before crossing the Thorung La Pass. (Anup Kaphle/The Washington Post)  This week, at least 32 people have been killed, and dozens are missing, after a devastating blizzard hit a popular trekking route and nearby areas in Nepal. The route, known as the Annapurna Circuit, is one of the oldest trekking trails in the Himalayas and has been open to foreigners since 1977. Why trek the Annapurna Circuit? Well, for adventure junkies, this 128-mile, horse-shoe-shaped trail is an opportunity to walk through the naturally rich terrain of Nepal while experiencing some of the most beautiful mountains in the country, including Annapurna and Dhaulagiri, two of the 10 highest in the world. The following map details the geography of the circuit.    (By Laris Karklis/The Washington Post)  The highlight of the circuit, however, is crossing Thorung La Pass, which sits at an altitude of 5,416 meters (17,769 feet) and connects the village of Manang in the east with the famous Hindu temple of Muktinath in Mustang in the west. The pass was originally used by locals as a trade route, herding agricultural products on yaks and donkeys. The trekking to complete the Annapurna Circuit starts in the town of Besi Sahar, approximately a six-hour drive from the capital Kathmandu or a three-hour drive from Pokhara, a popular tourist destination. Many tourists still choose to walk from Besi Sahar and complete the trek in about three weeks, which takes them through small villages where locals provide food and accommodation. But in the past decade, an unpaved road runs to Chame, the headquarters of Manang district, which gives many trekkers the ability to rent jeeps and cut short the trek by at least a few days. The circuit goes through Manang, from where trekkers can choose to hike to the Tilicho lake, one of the highest lakes in the world, sitting at an altitude of 4,919 meters (16,138 feet). Once across the Thorung La Pass, trekkers descend to Muktinath and then to Jomsom, from where they can catch a flight to Pokhara or continue to walk to complete the full circuit. In recent years, the circuit has lost its original charm partly due to the construction of a road that frequently leaves trekkers covered in dust from passing vehicles. Although tourists continue to flock to the region, partly to be able to cross the Thorung La Pass, newer trekking destinations in Upper Mustang, Nar Phu valley, Manaslu and Tsum valley are slowly gaining interest as more natural destinations for adventure.