 At least 130 people, most of them children, were killed when Taliban gunmen stormed a school in the Pakistani city of Peshawar. (Reuters) On Tuesday morning, Taliban gunmen disguised as soldiers stormed an elite Pakistani army high school. They killed at least 141 students and teachers in one of the bloodiest attacks in the country. It took nine hours until the hostage situation was over. The Post's Tim Craig reported that army convoys drove from the scene even as victims' families wept on the streets or carried hastily made plywood coffins to a hospital filled with the dead. Schools have attracted attackers in the past — many shootings shocked the world, and even today the names of the cities they occurred in are connected to the atrocities that were committed there. Here are some of the school shootings that must not be forgotten. On Sept. 1, 2004, more than 300 people died during the Beslan school hostage crisis in North Ossetia, Russia Volunteers carry an injured civilian to safety while soldiers stormed a school seized by heavily armed masked assailants in the town of Beslan, in the province of North Ossetia, near Chechnya, on Sept. 3, 2004. (S. Dal/Reuters) When pro-Chechen rebels entered the School No. 1 in Beslan, North Ossetia, on Sept. 2004, they took about 1,200 students, parents and teachers hostage. For three days, the hostage-takers barricaded themselves in the building. Finally, gunfire was exchanged between Russian armed forces and the pro-Chechen rebels. More than 300 people at the school died in the siege. 26 people died during a shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., on Dec. 14, 2012 Carlee Soto tried to get information about her sister, Victoria Soto, a teacher at the Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., on Dec. 14, 2012, after a gunman killed more than two dozen people, including 20 children. Victoria Soto, 27, was among those killed. (Jessica Hill/Associated Press) Two years ago, Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut became the scene of a horrifying attack in which a gunman opened fire, killing 26 people. He later died, as well. Nearly 700 students were in the school when the shooting started. The gunman had earlier fatally shot his mother at their home. On April 26, 2002, 17 people were killed in a school rampage in Erfurt, Germany Students wait anxiously inside a high school in Erfurt, eastern Germany, on April 26, 2002. An expelled student had opened fire in the school, killing 17 people before shooting himself as commandos closed in, police and witnesses said. (Sascha Fromm/Thueringer Allgemeine via Associated Press) After having been expelled from school, a student went on a rampage, targeting his former friends and teachers. In total, 18 people (12 of them teachers) died in the attack in the eastern German city of Erfurt. The shooting occurred in the city's Gutenberg Gymnasium, a school comparable with American high schools. Today, 12 years after the attack, students and teachers still grapple with the incident. Robert Kiehl, a surviving teacher against whom the attack was targeted, said in a newspaper interview in 2012: "What connected us (students and teachers) after the attack were our nightmares." 16 people died March 11, 2009, at the Albertville School Center in Winnenden, Germany Students mourn in front of the Albertville School Center in Winnenden near Stuttgart, Germany, on march 12, 2009. Tim Kretschmer, 17, had opened fire on teachers and pupils at his former school, killing 15 and leaving many more injured. He fled the scene and shot himself dead after being cornered by police. (Alex Grimm/Getty Images) Also in Germany, 16 people were killed in 2009 in a school shooting in the western city of Winnenden. Several were injured as well. The 17-year-old attacker attended the school until one year before the assault. He primarily targeted girls and women. The incident sparked a debate about tougher gun laws in Germany because the attacker had stolen his weapon from his parents. His father was later charged and convicted for incorrectly storing his weapon, a mistake that paved the way for the massacre, according to public prosecutors. In the Scottish town of Dunblane, 18 people were killed March 13, 1996 Parents embrace their daughter outside an elementary school in the Scottish town of Dunblane, where a gunman opened fire, killing 16 children, one teacher and wounding at least 12 others, on March 13, 1996. The gunman reportedly killed himself afterward. (Glasgow Evening Times via Associated Press) In 1996, the Scottish town of Dunblane was the site of Britain's deadliest school shooting. Back then, an attacker walked into Dunblane Primary School, carrying several weapons and killing 17 people — most of them children. He then committed suicide. The 43-year old attacker had previously owned a shop and worked as a Scout leader. A subsequent public debate led to an official inquiry and several firearms acts. Virtually all handguns were banned in Britain as a consequence. At Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo., 15 people died April 20, 1999 An aerial shot shows a triage area near Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo., on April 20, 1999. Two young men in fatigues and black trench coats had opened fire at the suburban Denver high school. (Rodolfo Gonzalez/Rocky Mountain News via Associated Press) In one of the deadliest school shootings in U.S. history, two students, dressed in black trench coats, opened fire at Columbine High school in Littleton, Colo., in 1999. The two attackers killed 12 students as well as a teacher. The assailants killed themselves after also injuring more than 20. The Ma’alot massacre left more than 20 hostages dead on May 15, 1974  Three members of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine launched an attack on Netiv Meir Elementary School in Ma'alot, Israel, in 1974. Investigators believe the incident was aimed at disrupting the 26th anniversary of Israeli independence, set to be celebrated May 15. Overall, 115 people were taken hostage, and more than 20 of them died when Israeli special forces stormed the building after a standoff that lasted two days. The vast majority of those killed were children. 
