 British Prime Minister David Cameron speaks during a press conference at the end of a two-day European Council meeting at the headquarters of the Council of the European Union on Oct. 24, 2014 in Brussels. (Photo by Carl Court/Getty Images) On Wednesday at the annual GG2 Leadership Awards, an event that aims to "highlight and showcase ethnic achievement, talent and leadership," British Prime Minister David Cameron gave a glimpse of what he hoped for the future of British leadership. "One day, I want to hear that title Prime Minister followed by a British Asian name," the Conservative Party leader said in a speech. "Just not immediately, if that's ok," It's a very British statement, and may require some unpicking for outsiders. In Britain, the descriptive "Asian" generally refers to people of South Asian origin, as they are the largest ethnic minority, with the "British" part added to to signify that these people are British citizens or residents. Cameron's "immediately" reference is about next year's election, which Cameron hopes to win. The comment was accompanied by cheers from the crowd, many of whom were British Asians. But it begs a big question: Will the United Kingdom have eventually have a British Asian prime minister? And if so, when? The short answer is yes, but perhaps not soon. Of the 30 names betting company Paddy Power lists as prime minister contenders after Cameron, just two belong to people of non-white backgrounds, both of whom are far down in the ranking: Adam Afriyie, a Conservative Party member of parliament with a Ghanaian father, and Chuka Umunna, a Labor MP for a Nigerian father. There are no British Asian names on the list. And it's certainly true that among the top leadership of the main political parties, there are few non-white faces. Cameron's recently reshuffled leadership team has only one non-white politician: Sajid Javid, a British Asian MP of Pakistani-Indian origin, who was receiving an award at the annual GG2 Leadership Awards. In the opposition Labor party's leadership team, there are two non-white politicians: the aforementioned Umunna, and Sadiq Khan, an MP born to Pakistani parents. The Liberal Democrats, Britain's third party who share government with the Conservatives, have an all-white front bench. To be fair, the United Kingdom is still a relatively homogeneous society: A 2011 census found that 87 percent of the country listed themselves as white (and just 7 percent listed themselves as British Asian). Even so, few could disagree that ethnic minorities are under-represented in British politics. A report conducted by parliament last year found there were just 27 minority MPs in the House of Commons: 4.2 percent of the total. And while the report contrasted the diversity of Britain's legislature favorably with those in France and Germany, it still concluded "the diversity of MPs remains disproportionate to the population as a whole," where at least 13 percent of people had listed themselves as non-white. Demographics can shift quickly, however: One recent prediction found that Britain's non-white population might reach 30 percent by 2050. And for Cameron's Conservative Party, that shift might end up being a problem -- the party has a reputation as being the party of wealthy white men, with ethnic minorities traditionally voting for Labor. In 2010, just 16 percent of Britain's ethnic minorities voted for the Conservatives, and analysts have talked about Cameron's "Romney problem" in the upcoming election. However, there may be a bright spot. While Conservatives are also widely perceived to have a problem with Muslim voters, which puts them in an awkward position with many British Asians who are of Pakistani and Bangladeshi backgrounds, research suggests that Indians are already four times more likely to support the conservatives than other ethnic minorities. A recent push to put a statue outside parliament may be part of a plan to appeal to British Indians and the Indian government.  And when the Guardian asked Sadiq Khan about the possibility of a non-white British prime minister in 2008, just after Barack Obama was elected to the White House, the Labor MP gave an illuminating response, pointing out that despite the hurdles, things had progressed quite quickly: "In Britain you can't make a brilliant speech and get noticed in the way Barack Obama did. You have to rise up through the ranks in parliament. Our history is different. Mass migration -- slavery -- took place to America 400 years ago. Condoleezza Rice is the fourth generation of her family to go to university. Our mass migration has only happened over the last 40 to 50 years. But our recent progress has been far steeper than in the US -- we have been much quicker." That progress may continue to be steeper than expected. While he has only been an MP since 2010, some have suggested that Sajid Javid could be an outside contender to take over the Conservative leadership after Cameron. That raises another question: When the first British Asian prime minister finally arrives, could they be a Conservative?
