 Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos speaks during the Climate Summit 2014 at the United Nations headquarters in New York, New York, USA, 23 September 2014. (EPA/JUSTIN LANE) The United Nations this week is once again in the spotlight. Tuesday, world leaders are gathering in New York at the U.N. Climate Summit – a one-day event. On Wednesday, President Obama is expected to request that the U.N. Security Council pass a resolution imposing global travel bans on fighters who are trying to enlist in overseas wars. It’s time for you to test how much you know about the leaders shaping our international debate. Here are eight statements, made by leaders of countries that are members of the United Nations. Can you match the statement to the leader? e should educate our citizens to be civilized when traveling abroad… [They should] eat … more local seafood.” (AFP PHOTO/ HAVEERU / MOHAMED SHARUHAAN) Xi Jinping, President of China (AP Photo/The Canadian Press, Sean Kilpatrick) Stephen Harper, Prime Minister of Canada (AP Photo/Presidency Office, Rouzbeh Jadidoleslam) Hassan Rouhani, President of Iran 2 “There is now a menace which is called Twitter. The best examples of lies can be found there. To me, social media is the worst menace to society.”  Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany Bashar al-Assad, President of Syria Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, President of Turkey 3 A politician speaks about foreigners coming to his country, following the murder of two tourists. “They think our country is so beautiful and safe they can wear a bikini everywhere […] Will it be safe wearing a bikini, unless you are not beautiful? But all of you in this room are beautiful.” Kim Jong Un, Leader of North Korea Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister of Thailand François Hollande, President of France 4 “[Our country] is one of the most powerful nuclear states. It’s not words, it is the reality.” (AFP PHOTO / RIA NOVOSTI / KREMLIN POOL / MICHAEL KLIMENTYEV) Vladimir Putin, President of Russia (REUTERS/Mian Khursheed/Files) Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan (EPA/HARISH TYAGI) Narendra Modi, Prime Minister of India 5 “I am a pacifist, I am a total, absolute pacifist. I don’t believe in war, and I don’t believe in guns, and I don’t believe in politics. I think it’s dirty.’’ Haider al-Abadi, Prime Minister of Iraq Hamid Karzai, President of Afghanistan David Cameron, Prime Minister of Britain 6 "I... encourage the U.S. government to help us by working with our scientists to study whether, indeed, there are people who are born homosexual.” Yoweri Museveni, President of Uganda Evo Morales, President of Bolivia Jacob Zuma, President of South Africa 7 Being banned from traveling to most western countries, this world leader recently described Britain as a “very cold, uninhabitable country with small houses.”   (REUTERS/leader.ir/Handout via Reuters) Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran (REUTERS/Mohamed Nureldin Abdallah/Files) Omar al-Bashir, President of Sudan (REUTERS/Philimon Bulawayo) Robert Mugabe, President of Zimbabwe 8 This politician analyzed the Syrian conflict in the following way: “‘It’s not goodies versus baddies, it’s baddies versus baddies’.”  Tony Abbott, Prime Minister of Australia Enda Kenny, Prime Minister of Ireland Mariano Rajoy Brey, Prime Minister of Spain Your score: 0 / 8 Compare Scores Would you like to add your score to the leaderboard? You must be signed in to add your score to leaderboards. Sign In or Register Share your score:     Related 
