LONDON — Can the Duchess of Cambridge’s pregnancy save the United Kingdom? It’s a question that bubbled up almost immediately after news broke early Monday that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child. As congratulations poured in, so did questions about the timing of the announcement and its possible effect on the debate about Scottish independence. In just 10 days, Scotland will vote on whether to split from the United Kingdom. Until now, it seemed fairly certain that come Sept. 19, Britons would wake up to the news that the 307-year-old union between Scotland and England was intact. But a surprise poll this weekend by the Sunday Times/YouGov put — for the first time — the nationalist campaign in the lead, 51 percent to 49 percent. When the official pregnancy tweet from Clarence House landed, did unionists across the land raise a metaphorical pint to the boy or girl who will be fourth in line to the throne? The pro-U.K. campaign has long been accused of being too dour, too negative, too obsessed with facts and figures; could the royal baby news be just the jolt of inspiration it needs? Maybe, maybe not. It’s true that the royal family remains largely popular in Scotland, where the queen vacations every summer at Balmoral Castle, a sprawling residence about 100 miles north of Edinburgh. The newspapers this past weekend were full of pictures of the queen, draped in a tartan blanket, and Prince Charles, wearing a kilt, smiling and laughing as they watched highland games in the village of Braemar, an annual tradition for the royal family. Alex Salmond, the first minister of Scotland, has said that an independent Scotland would keep the queen, who would continue to serve as head of state — the way she does in Commonwealth countries such as Canada or New Zealand. But as the Daily Telegraph’s James Kirkup warns, skeptical Scots may wonder whether the timing of the pregnancy announcement by Kensington Palace is just a wee bit “too neat, too convenient,” with some viewing it as “just another Establishment ploy.” An instant poll by the Guardian newspaper suggests that its readers don’t think the royal baby news will help the unionists’ cause. Officially, the royal family is neutral on Scottish independence. A spokesman for Buckingham Palace said that “the queen maintains a strict neutrality on all political matters, including independence for Scotland. This is entirely a matter for the people of Scotland.” He also said that he “didn’t recognize” the unnamed sources in the Sunday Times this weekend who said the prospect of independence “horrifies” the queen. In any case, politicians of all stripes were quick to fire off pleasantries to the royal couple, including Salmond, who made sure to use the couple’s Scottish titles — the “Earl and Countess of Strathearn.”
