     A traditional dhow floats in the Corniche Bay area in Doha, Qatar, with the financial district in the background in one of the Persian Gulf's fastest-growing cities. (AP Photo/Saurabh Das)  The hyper-rich Persian Gulf state of Qatar likes to roll out a big welcome mat from time to time. Georgetown University and the Brookings Institution have branches there. The various divisions of Al Jazeera draw in Arabic- and English-speaking journalists from around the world. Planners for the 2022 World Cup are promising air-conditioned comfort at outdoor venues. The expansive spirit, however, doesn’t extend very far into cyberspace. Qatar’s rulers this week backed tougher Web-oversight laws that spell out prison terms and serious fines for violators. It all might seem as just another tightening of the screws in a region with rulers known for keeping keep close tabs on any possible dissent. But Qatar’s new measures have added significance. Qatar has a rising profile on the world stage and is the latest of America’s Gulf Arab allies to impose tighter Web controls despite President Obama’s repeated calls for Internet openness as a political safety valve, particularly in regions such as the Middle East with a young and Web-savvy population. Qatar's new codes, described by the Web site Doha News and other reports, allow authorities to file charges for “false news” perceived as threatening the security or “general order” of the state. Accuracy is no protection either. Also banned is any Web content touching on someone’s "personal or family life’’ even if true, the reports said. The maximum punishments: Up to three years in prison and a fine of 500,000 Qatari rials, or about $137,250. The New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists warned the “broad language" of the cybercrimes measures could stifle media openness and free expression in a country whose international reach is increasingly expanding -- with efforts that stir both support and alarm from Western allies. Qatar is the mediator for an array of diplomatic initiatives such as possible U.S.-Taliban talks, and is second only to Dubai in the region with the number of international companies. But Qatar also offers haven to Hamas leader Khaled Mashaal, whose group is on the State Department list of terrorist organizations. Qatar is certainly not alone in clamping down on the Web. The latest "Enemies of the Internet" list by Reporters Without Borders casts a wide net. There are the expected cyber-censors such as North Korea, Syria and Iran. The group also criticized the United States and others for expanded Internet surveillance. But tiny Qatar and some of its Gulf Arab partners stand out in some important ways. Their rollbacks in Web freedoms contrast vividly with their ambitious efforts at connectivity with the world. The United Arab Emirates – home to bling-conscious Dubai and the even wealthier hub Abu Dhabi – imposed its own brand of strict Web regulations in 2012. It hasn’t yet brought any major chill on the large international media corps with bases in the UAE. But it was a clear self-censorship message for the local media and imported academia, including outlets such as Abu Dhabi’s New York University branch. It also opened the door for wide-ranging crackdowns. They included mass arrests of alleged Islamists and Muslim Brotherhood members charged with plotting against the UAE’s ruling system. At the other end of spectrum were random online castabouts unlucky enough to be caught in the Internet squeeze. In January, an American living in Dubai, Shezanne Cassim, was deported after being sentenced to one year in prison for a YouTube-posted parody of the city’s shopping-and-cruising youth culture. Even as the Gulf Arab states try to control the Web, the attraction of social media remains strong. Saudi Arabians are consistently listed as among the most avid Twitter users -- and face some of the harshest backlashes in return. Neighbors such as Bahrain and Kuwait are not far behind in their social media love affair. Twitter and other social sites are busy as places to vent, gossip and generally mull the state of affairs in countries in which legacy media is predictably pro-leadership. Officials have taken note. Dozens of people across the Gulf have been sentenced to prison terms for Web posts deemed insulting to rulers. The fraternity of sheiks, emirs and monarchs across the Gulf have tried in varying degrees to embrace the Web to get their messages across, too. But the the Arab Spring uprisings made them downright panicky. They watched how social media fueled the rebellions in Egypt, Libya, Syria and elsewhere. The Internet crackdowns in the Gulf are evidence of high-level worries that their grip is no longer as encompassing as before.