 Barack Obama's tweet from November 2012 is by far the most popular tweet from a world leader (Twitter) Over the past few years, social media has become a job requirement for most world leaders. Tweeting is now the norm, rather than the exception: Even the Queen of England has been forced to do it. But which leaders are using social media well? It's a harder question to answer than you might realize. One tool for ascertaining this comes from Twiplomacy, a Web site that tracks the use of Twitter, perhaps the most lauded of social networks, by governments and international organizations. Twiplomacy was kind enough to share some of their data with us, and with it we get a better idea of who is using Twitter well -- and who is not. (Note: All data taken from November). The world leaders with the most followers President Obama ranks first here, and his office account, the White House, isn't too far behind. Many of the other leaders on the list are familiar names, such as Pope Francis, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, and Russian Prime Minister Dimitry Medvedev (surprisingly, the Twitter account of Vladimir Putin's office, the Kremlin, is far down down the list). Top 20 Most Followed World Leaders. But who is really tweeting? It's hard to ask which world leaders are good at tweeting without acknowledging a fact: Most of them rarely tweet. Instead, social media teams and media advisers are almost always behind the account. Twiplomacy notes that only Estonian President Toomas Henrik Ilves (@IlvesToomas) and Finnish Prime Minister Alexander Stubb (@AlexStubb) appear to tweet themselves at pretty much all points. Others appear to take over the accounts at certain points (when President Obama personally tweets from @BarackObama. it is signed 'BO'). Of course, tweeting without help brings with it some problems. Twiplomacy points toward one unfortunate tweet from Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders that was mocked. But accounts apparently run by staff can run into problems, too – The Twitter account of British Prime Minister David Cameron is frequently showered with insults and mockery, for example. I've been speaking to @BarackObama about the situation in Ukraine. We are united in condemnation of Russia's actions. pic.twitter.com/7Rk2k8iOIK — David Cameron (@David_Cameron) March 5, 2014 .@David_Cameron @BarackObama Hi guys, I'm on the line now too. Get me up to speed. pic.twitter.com/xhmJG5KpxT — rob delaney (@robdelaney) March 5, 2014 
