The Israel Defense Forces have a tactic in place where they contact families in Gaza to alert them that their house is about to be targeted by the military and that they should evacuate the premises. The strategy, according to the IDF, is aimed at lowering the number of civilian casualties. The homes targeted allegedly belong to Hamas members. The Washington Post's Sudarsan Raghavan was in Gaza and witnessed the process: First came a warning by Israeli forces, then a preliminary attack on the building and then a final attack to destroy the structure. Here is Raghavan's account: Residents were warned about an incoming attack and asked to clear the area.  Sitting on a corner in gaza city waiting for an Israeli air strike. Residents warned to leave area. Target is a building. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 Missiles and rockets are used to hit the building, but leave the complex still standing.  Missile screeches overhead and strikes the building. Smoke everywhere. Building is still standing. Cars swerve. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 Two more rockets hit the building. People are ducking. More smoke fogging the street. The building isn't down yet. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 Then, the structure finally falls.  2.50 pm...an F 16 flies by and strikes the building, missile flying over our heads. The building comes down in a huge ball of smoke. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 People are leaving. The street is open again. Traffic is back to normal. Another surreal afternoon in gaza city. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 Gaza building destroyed by the Israeli air strike 20 min ago pic.twitter.com/qEjuY8WDG5 — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 People inside the building evacuated, some with no place to go. According to the United Nations Relief and Works Agency, there are about 220,000 displaced civilians in 86 UNRWA shelters. There were 35 people inside the building. The Israelis called the owner's son and told everyone to evacuate. They left in 5 minutes. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 Many of 35 in building were driven away from [their] homes, says owner. They don't know where they will go now, he said. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 Furniture store on ground level also destroyed. Employed 30 workers. It had been closed since war began, said shop owner. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014 There were no casualties or injuries reported. Air strike was pin point. No dead or injured. Buildings next to it untouched. Unclear why it was targeted. Owner insists he is not Hamas. — Sudarsan Raghavan (@africawriter) July 31, 2014   Read Sudarsan Raghavan's latest story about how Palestinian families decide to split up during the war in Gaza.   RELATED:  Israel presses ahead with Gaza offensive Watch: U.N. official breaks down over deaths of Palestinian children How Israel helped create Hamas