 Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. Footage released by Abu Dhabi police shows the suspect fleeing the scene and the subsequent operation to arrest her. (YouTube: theabudhabipolice) Police have arrested an Emirati woman suspected of brutally stabbing an American woman to death in the bathroom of an Abu Dhabi mall. Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior Sheik Saif bin Zayed announced the arrest on Thursday, according to the National, an Abu Dhabi news organization. Police released video footage of the operation that appears to show a woman being detained at her home. Not long after the fatal mall attack on Monday, the suspect allegedly planted a makeshift bomb outside of the home of an Egyptian American doctor, according to the National. The bomb was dismantled, and police discovered bomb-making materials in the suspect's home during the arrest. "We dealt with it under high security measures after the building was evacuated. Similar components [or substances] were found later at the suspect’s house," said Humaid al-Afreet, head of the explosives and weapons department, according to the National. The victim, a 37-year-old kindergarten teacher and mother of 11-year-old twins, was attacked in the Boutik Mall on the upscale Reem Island. Abu Dhabi, the capital city of United Arab Emirates, is a popular destination for Americans and other Westerners. Police first released surveillance footage of a suspect who was wearing a black abaya (a traditional women's robe covering the entire body),  black gloves and and a niqab that covered her entire face, except for her eyes. The suspect was shown arriving at and then fleeing the scene of the crime. But authorities initially could not say whether the person under the bulky robe was a woman or a man. Additional video footage released Thursday show what appears to be the woman's car with a UAE flag used to conceal the license plate. Police also released a photo of what appeared to be blood covering the steering wheel. A large knife covered in blood also was photographed at the scene. There is still not any word about a motive, but the arrest and the discovery of a bomb at another American's home suggest that they were targeted. Fears have been growing for Westerners overseas in light of the stepped-up campaign to thwart the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The United States, the UAE and a coalition of other countries have participated in airstrikes against the terrorist group. In response, Abu Mohammed al-Adnani, an Islamic State spokesman, incited attacks against Westerners in a statement on Dec. 1 -- the same day of the stabbing incident in Abu Dhabi, according to Agence France-Presse. In October, the U.S. Embassy and the UAE posted a statement saying that a call for attacks on American teachers in the region had been posted on a jihadist Web forum, but that there was no credible evidence that there was a plot afoot, according to Reuters. Asked whether this week's events were considered a terrorist attack, Rashid Borshid of the police's Criminal Investigation Department said, according to Reuters, that "this is under investigation now, and I cannot say yes or no now." Random crime is relatively rare in the UAE, and the federation has sought to be a haven for Westerners at a time of tumult in the Middle East. The State Department currently does not have any travel warnings or alerts for the UAE. The swift effort to solve this mystery -- and to document it with heavily produced video footage -- shows how important the government believes it is to allay fears of blatant crimes against Westerners. “Today, we are before a heinous crime the likes of which are unprecedented in our safe country,” the interior minister said, according to the National. “It is a crime that goes against all human values and norms. It was a blatant attack on innocent people that committed no wrongdoing, killing a teacher that worked with future generations and whom everyone recognized as a hard-working and devoted teacher."
