   Shin Dong-hyuk poses before a news conference to present the book "Escape from Camp 14." (Reuters)  SEOUL -- Always get a second source. It’s one of the fundamental rules of journalism. But what do you do if the first source is an escapee from one of the most brutal prison camps on the planet, a camp so brutal that only one person is known to have escaped from it? That was the conundrum facing Blaine Harden, the former Washington Post journalist who wrote Escape from Camp 14 about Shin Dong-hyuk, who said he was born in the North Korean total control camp, forced to watch his mother and brother be executed there, tortured there, and eventually escaped. Now, Shin has admitted that he left out some key parts of the story – like the fact that he spent most of his childhood across the Taedong river in Camp 18, a less draconian prison (although in North Korea, that’s a matter of degree). But, he says, the torture he described to Harden all happened, just in a different place and at a different time. Nevertheless, the doubts now surrounding Shin’s testimony shines a spotlight on one of the most difficult problems confronting all journalists writing about North Korea: How do you verify their stories? In Escape from Camp 14, Harden confronts this question head-on, describing how he checked out Shin’s version of events. He interviewed dozens of other defectors and experts, and he quotes David Hawk, who wrote the most authoritative study on the gulags and is widely considered the pre-eminent expert in the field, as saying that everything he heard from Shin was consistent with what he had heard from dozens of other camp survivors. Harden also notes that Shin also told the same story to South Korea and American intelligence officials who debriefed him after his arrival in Seoul. “There was, of course, no way to confirm what he was saying. Shin was the only available source of information about his early life,” Harden writes in the book. “The story had been vetted and rang true to survivors of other labor camps, to scholars, to human rights advocates, and to the South Korean government. Shin had changed his story once before. As Harden was interviewing him for Escape from Camp 14, Shin one day confessed that – contrary to the story that he had told in his own memoir and in the first story about him to appear in the Washington Post – it was he who ratted on his mother and brother. He told the guards that they were planning to escape, directly leading to their execution. Explaining the omission to Harden at the time, Shin said he was “terrified of a backlash, of people asking me ‘Are you even human?’” North Korea is the most secretive state on earth, a place where very little information gets in to the repressed populace, and where the regime isn’t exactly forthcoming with the facts. That means that outsiders – whether they be journalists, human rights activists, members of U.N. investigative bodies – rely heavily on accounts from people who’ve lived in North Korea and escaped to tell the story. The continuing questions surrounding Shin’s story highlight the difficulties inherent in assessing and cross-checking these testimonies. There are many factors at play with defectors. For one, many North Koreans, regardless of whether they were in gulags, have endured major psychological trauma, whether it be from years of repression and suspicion inside North Korea, or from the arduous journey out through China, a journey that often involves smugglers and fears of repatriation.Marcus Noland of the Peterson Institute for International Economics has done repeated, large surveys of North Korean defectors and found that many suffer severe psychological stress akin to post-traumatic stress disorder.“Shin has been highly traumatized,” Noland wrote in an email, “and it isn't surprising that some things don't line up either because of memory failure or intentional dissembling, which could be for all sorts of motivations.” Many also experience a kind of “survivor guilt” at making it out, knowing that their family left behind will be punished for their escape.Second, when they get to South Korea, most defectors find they’re in for a shock. There are the noise and bright lights of Seoul, an assault on their electricity-impoverished senses. There’s the laughter at their “country bumpkin” accents and the difficulties people who’ve never used a computer have in finding a job in this high-tech country.Plus, there have been numerous reports of journalists paying defectors for their testimony, leading to a kind of industry in which North Korean escapees embellish their stories to make them more valuable.In his 2001 memoir The Aquariums of Pyongyang, Kang Chol-hwan, another prison camp survivor, says that Japanese and South Korean media paid him and other defectors handsomely for their testimony.“In time we got used to telling our story. Yet by repeating it so often, I occasionally felt I was trading my experience for a story that was no longer entirely my own,” he wrote.Some refugees find they can make a living as a “professional defector” – an alluring proposition when it is so hard to get any other kind of job. (Shin has shared the profits from Escape from Camp 14 with Harden.) “An important lesson here is that North Korean ‘defectors’ as a community and as individuals are under extraordinary pressure to say one thing or another,” says John Delury, a North Korea watcher who teaches at Yonsei University in Seoul.“They go through hell to get out of their country, often leave family members behind, only to struggle through purgatory in China. Those lucky enough to make it to the ‘paradise’ of South Korea are subject to political re-indoctrination, socio-economic prejudice, and pressures to malign the regime in the North,” he said.People who have interviewed a lot of North Korean defectors say that they often obscure certain details to protect their family and friends who remain in North Korea, and sometimes to protect themselves if – as is often the case – they’ve done something they’re not proud of on the way out.Furthermore, they often don’t understand the consequences of what they think are small lies. But for all the questions raised by Shin’s admission, there are parts of his version of events that do appear to stand up.  There are the scars all over his body that have been examined by doctors, who declared them consistent with the torture Shin described.And North Korea appears to have unintentionally confirmed that Shin lived in Camp 18. In October, Uriminzokkiri, a website linked to the Kim regime, uploaded two videos to YouTube to discredit Shin.  In the first video, Shin’s father says that they did not live in a political prison camp but in Pongchang-ri, on the opposite side of the Taedong River and in the place where the former Camp 18 was, notes analyst Curtis Melvin in his blog, North Korean Economy Watch.“So revealing that Shin lived in Pongchang-ri as a child is admitting he was in a prison camp (Camp 18)…just not the one he claims to have been from (Camp 14),” Melvin writes. “So now the North Koreans and Shin can at least agree he was in Camp 18.” Expect more details to emerge in coming days and weeks about this story.