   Rescuers recovered 24 bodies at sea after a boat believed to be carrying illegal migrants sank at the mouth of Istanbul’s Bosphorus strait on Monday. Editor’s Note: This video contains graphic content. (Reuters)   It’s a sad and familiar scene in an age of desperate migrants on the move: Bodies pulled from the sea and their few belongings – the scraps to begin a new life in Europe – bobbing in the waves. It happened again Monday at the mouth of the busy Bosphorus near Istanbul. More than 40 migrants – men, women and children believed from Afghanistan and Syria – were tossed into the choppy waters when their boat capsized. Rescuers found some alive. The rest – at least 22 dead – were taken to a jetty. Their bodies were lined up and covered with blankets and tarps – just like after other similar tragedies in the Mediterranean, Aegean and other seas used by smugglers on well-traveled routes to places such as Italy, Spain and Greece. This time, however, the boat was bound apparently for Romania, Turkish officials said. It suggests that traffickers are testing new routes through the Black Sea as countries on the Mediterranean bolster coastal patrols in response to a major spike this year in smuggling ships and deaths. The International Organization for Migration estimates more than 3,200 migrants have died or are missing this year trying to reach European shores – a more than fourfold increase from the death toll in 2013. During just one stretch in September, more than 650 died in a series of shipwrecks and capsizings. That figure does not include tragedies on other human smuggling routes at sea such as Indonesia to Australia or across the Gulf of Aden from Somalia to Yemen.    Dead bodies covered with blankets lie on the ground after a boat carrying suspected migrants from Afghanistan and Syria sank just north of the Bosphorus Strait off the coast of Istanbul, Turkey, Monday, Nov. 3, 2014, leaving at least 24 people dead and several people missing. Seven people were rescued, Turkish authorities said. (AP Photo)  But Europe remains by far the busiest – and most lucrative – goal for smuggling ships, boosted in part by Syrians and others fleeing civil war and the rise of the Islamic State militants. “Boat arrivals to Europe are a result of the complex humanitarian crisis near Europe’s external borders … At a time when countries in North Africa, the Middle East and East Africa are hosting millions of displaced persons, compared to a few hundred thousand in all of Europe, the European reaction should be balanced and compassionate,” the migration organization said in a statement Friday. The deaths Monday signal the latest attempt to find a weak spot in Europe’s defenses against the waves of asylum seekers, war refugees and economic migrants trying to make the trip before winter sets in, experts say. “When you take a look at a map, I’m surprised they haven’t really tried to exploit this route before,” said Demetrios Papademetriou, the president emeritus of the Migration Policy Institute, a Washington-based think tank. “The smugglers are always trying to stay one step ahead. This may be among one of the last, relatively unpatrolled, smuggling routes into Europe.” For years, Bulgaria was a preferred land route for smuggling networks or migrants trying to strike out alone. It was considered much less risky than the overland passage to Greece, which has virtually sealed it border with Turkey. In January, however, Bulgaria began to erect a nearly 10-foot border fence and deployed more than 1,000 extra police to patrol the line. A Human Rights Watch report in April accused Bulgaria of violating the rights of asylum seekers by forcing them back over the border to Turkey without a hearing. The tougher measures appear to have promped smugglers to try a bypass through the Black Sea, which was heavily patrolled during the Cold War but is now a potential backdoor to the European Union through two of its poorest members. Bulgaria and Romania do not have the coast guard or naval assets of E.U. partners in the Mediterranean and – at least for the moment – are unlikely to mount serious challenges to migrant smugglers. It also would pose another challenge for the European Union, which has struggled to find funds and political coordination to confront the rising numbers of migrant ships. At stake, said Papademetriou, is one of the pillars of postwar European integration: the goal of borderless travel. The migrant waves have increased calls to reconsider some of the provisions of a landmark pact, known as the Schengen treaty, which envisions the nearly seamless flow of commerce and people between nations. Twenty-six nations (not yet Bulgaria and Romania) are currently in the Schengen zone – in essence, one visa fits all – but critics say it also allows weakens the ability to track movements by migrants who reach Europe. “It’s bigger than Europe’s economic problems. It’s bigger than anything in the minds of many,” said Papademetriou. “It threatens some of Europe’s greatest achievements: the idea of freedom of movement.”    Major migrant routes into Europe. (BBC)    