 Filipino Muslims shout slogans in support of the passage of a law giving autonomy to minority Muslims during a rally near the Malacanang Palace in Manila on Sept. 10, 2014. (Ted Aljibe/AFP/Getty Images) On Wednesday, Philippine President Benigno Aquino III submitted a draft law to Congress proposing the creation of an autonomous Muslim region, carved out a number provinces and municipalities in the country's south. Bangsamoro, as the region would be called, would have its own elected officials and assembly, its own law enforcement and greater control over local tax revenues. If brought into existence, the region's new-found autonomy would go a long way to ending a four-decade insurgency that has claimed some 150,000 lives. "This law is for the children who wish to run across school grounds instead of running for their lives," Mujiv S. Hataman, a politician from the southern Philippines, quoted by the New York Times. "This law is for families who want to put life into the earth through crops and produce, no longer to dig graves for their fathers and sons who have fallen in war. This law is what will help them realize their wishes and dreams." The Philippines is a predominantly Catholic nation, but there's a small Muslim minority -- roughly 5 percent of the country's 96 million  -- which lives mostly in the vast, southern island of Mindanao as well as adjacent islands. Muslim sultanates held sway through much of the country, particularly the south, until the arrival of the Spanish in the 16th century. The Islam practiced here, like other faiths in Southeast Asia, is suffused with older indigenous beliefs, including the worship of local spirits. Through the aggressive conversions carried out by the Spanish, and the later arrival of settlers from other parts of the Philippine archipelago, the Muslims, known as "moros," became a minority in their own homeland. By the 1970s, a new Moro insurgency sprang up, using the same guerrilla and terrorist tactics of Marxist-Leninist revolutionary outfits elsewhere in the world. The Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) was initially a splinter faction of the movement, but became its driving force by the 1980s. At its height, it commanded as many as 12,000 fighters in camps in Mindanao. Its Islamism had more to do with its separatist agenda than a wider regional jihadist mission. A number of other armed factions, of varying ideological bent, also emerged in a region teeming with separatist outfits, criminal gangs and clan militias. Since 2000, the violence in Mindanao has displaced as many as 3.5 million people. Abu Sayyaf, a radical group that broke away from MILF in the 1990s that is believed to have had connections with al-Qaeda, launched brazen raids and ambushes on army patrols, beheadings, kidnappings of Westerners  and attacks on civilians over the past decade. Their slaughters have continued, including an attack this summer on local villagers celebrating the end of the Muslim holy month Ramadan. Videos uploaded to YouTube in August showed fighters in Abu Sayyaf and other extremist groups swearing allegiance to the Islamic State jihadists who have declared a new caliphate in Syria and Iraq. A provisional map of the Bangsamoro region. (International Crisis Group) When he came to power in 2010,  Aquino made a lasting solution to the long-running insurgency one of the main promises of his administration, a tough task given the many failures of previous governments. Talks followed with the MILF leadership and eventually ushered in a peace process that has brought genuine hope. Under the terms of a series of peace agreements accepted by MILF (the last inked this January), the new autonomous zone would cover five provinces that have Muslim majority populations. It would allow for the provision of Shariah law for Muslims and secular administration for non-Muslims. It also grants more political autonomy and authority to new, locally recruited law enforcement. Muslims in the region have long complained of heavy-handed measures by Philippine security forces waging counter-insurgency. Aquino's government, according to the Associated Press, has also promised a five-year-development plan for the region, with $400 million worth of funds from the central government. The draft law paving the way for the creation of Bangsamoro is subject to debate in Congress, but will likely be pushed through since Aquino allies dominate its benches. In return, MILF has renounced terrorism and denounced the Islamic State, for good measure. They will have to make good on pledges to disarm its thousands of fighters. That may prove tricky, since a number of other factions, including Abu Sayyaf, are not party to the peace agreements and can still scupper progress. Indeed, the reasons for caution may outweigh those for optimism. But at a moment when the world watches the United States and President Obama's plan to bomb the Islamic State, the Philippines offers a good reminder that there can be a peaceful resolution for even the most intractable of conflicts.
