 Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, left, and challengers Marina Silva and Aécio Neves (Ricardo Moraes/Reuters) RIO DE JANEIRO — Conversations with 21 voters as they left the Infante Dom Henrique polling station in Copacabana on Sunday, after they cast ballots in Brazil's presidential election, could not by any stretch be thought of as predictive of the national results. But, interestingly, this small sample of urban residents loosely aligns with the latest national polls — which now show yet another dramatic turn in the election narrative. Ney Pereira, a retiree, and his wife, Julia; Rachel Santos, a civil servant; and eight others at the polling station said they had voted for the incumbent, Dilma Rousseff. That percentage would give Rousseff an outright victory. Only Alice Lopez, a massage therapist, and two others went for Marina Silva, who had come from nowhere to take the lead in the race in September, only to falter in the face of Rousseff's heavily negative advertising, but who was comfortably in second place as recently as last week. Brazilians head to the polls at the Infante Dom Henrique school, a voting station in the Copacabana neighborhood of Rio de Janeiro. (Dom Phillips for The Washington Post) Now the second-place position goes to center-right candidate Aécio Neves — in the polls and at Infante Dom Henrique, where the sample gave him six votes — which would pit him against Rousseff in a second round on Oct. 26. In a remarkable last-minute surge, Neves, from the Brazilian Party for Social Democracy, replaced Silva as the opposition candidate who Brazilians feel has the best chance to oust Rousseff, whose Workers' Party has run the country for 12 years. “In the end, he is the guy to overtake Dilma,” said shopkeeper Silvio Flinkas, 56, speaking after he voted Sunday morning at the Infante Dom Henrique school. (Candidates are referred to by their Christian names in informal Brazil — this race is about Dilma, Aécio and Marina.) One person in this completely unscientific poll voted "null," also an option in Brazil. The last, pre-election poll— on Saturday, from the Brazilian Institute of Public Opinion and Statistics, or IBOPE — gave Rousseff 40 percent of the vote, Neves 24 percent and Silva 21 percent. In  head-to-head match-ups, Rousseff beat both Neves and Silva 45 percent to 37 percent. Doorman Jorge de Mesquita, 49, changed his vote from Silva to Neves, citing Neves’s surge and discussions with friends. “I did not feel firmness in Marina,” he said. “We have to get it right.” Lopez, 50, stuck with Silva. “I think she has what Brazilians need — education, health, housing. She prioritizes this,” Lopez said. Maria Gonçalves, 39, a seamstress, had responded to Silva’s call for a new morality in Brazilian politics. “I think she is dignified,” Gonçalves said. “It was a clean campaign.” But they were in the minority. Many in Brazil appeared to have considered Silva’s campaign for an overturning of Brazilian society and politics, been prepared to give her the benefit of the doubt for a few weeks and a resultant poll lead, but then elected for the continuity that Rousseff offered. This had less to do with idealism, many voters said, than to do with the sense that Rousseff had not done too bad a job. It could have been better, but it could also have been worse. A powerful, aggressive and effective Workers' Party campaign, in which voters were repeatedly reminded of the government’s achievements and Silva was attacked over a number of inconsistencies in her own campaign, helped. Under Brazilian electoral rules, Rousseff had five times the allotted television advertising time as Silva. Neves even accused the Workers' Party of appropriating the post office to favor its campaign, which he alleged failed to deliver his party’s campaign literature in his home state of Minas Gerais, where he was twice governor. Rousseff described the charges as “absurd." “Dilma is better, more prepared. She is in the environment. She has more conviction,” said Ney Pereira, 61. He and his wife both voted for the incumbent. Federal civil servants such as Santos were firmly pro-Rousseff. “She improved our conditions,” Santos said. Saleswoman Antonia Sampaio, 31, said her family in her home state of Maranhao in Brazil’s northeast voted en masse for the Workers' Party. Under Rousseff and her predecessor, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva – popularly known as Lula – Workers' Party governments transformed the economy of poorer Brazilian states like this one with its flagship income-support program, the Bolsa Familia, or "Family Purse." “Everyone votes for Dilma,” Sampaio said. “She does a lot for the people there.” Pedro Muller, 22, an accountant, had voted for Neves because of the persistent corruption scandals the Workers' Party has faced — a vote-buying scheme that saw senior party figures jailed last year and an unfolding scandal linking politicians to overinflated contracts for the state-controlled oil company Petrobras. “The Workers' Party has been there for 12 years. Scandal after scandal. It is time to change,” Muller said. Others did not blame Rousseff for sleaze. Psychologist Natercia Gonçalves, 62, and her son Bruno, 30, an engineer, both voted for Rousseff. “I think it is a good government, even with some of the things that are happening,” she said. Corruption, she said, “is part of Brazilian culture in general. It is hard to blame anyone for this.” 
