 Demonstrations by "Pegida," the German acronym for Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamicization of the West, attracted protesters all over Germany on Monday. The historical landmark in western Germany, Cologne Cathedral, shut down its lights in a silent protest against the anti-Islamist demonstrations. (The Washington Post) Anti-Islam demonstrations in cities across Germany have registered a growing number of supporters, but have also prompted a major backlash. The protests, organized by Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamization of the West (Pegida) in opposition to the influx of Muslim immigrants in recent years, have been condemned by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Catholic organizations, and major celebrities and politicians. Here is a look at scenes from the demonstrations and the counter-demonstrations. Read: What’s behind the astonishing rise of an anti-Islam movement in Germany? Dresden has been a major gathering point for the anti-Islam movement. On Monday, a crowd of 18,000 joined in protests, a record to date. Supporters of the anti-Islam Pegida movement hold up their smartphones at the conclusion of another of their weekly gatherings on Jan.5  in Dresden, Germany. (Sean Gallup/Getty Images) In Berlin, counter-demonstrations filled the streets. Many in the crowds held signs that said, "We welcome refugees," while others held anti-Nazi flags. Participants of the Alliance against Racism demonstrate against the Pegida movement in Berlin on Jan. 5. (Soeren Stache/European Pressphoto Agency) In protest against the anti-Islam marchers, the famous Cologne Cathedral refused to turn on its lights. Cologne Cathedral Provost Norbert Feldhoff told CNN that the site would "not be a backdrop for this demonstration." Read more: Christian clergy are fighting against Germany's anti-Islam protests The outdoor lighting of the Cologne Cathedral was switched off to make a statement against racism. (Oliver Berg/European Pressphoto Agency) Along with the cathedral, the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin also shut off its lights in opposition to the Pegida marchers. The lighting of Berlin's Brandenburg Gate was switched off as well in a statement against the anti-Islam Pegida movement. (Rainer Jensen/European Pressphoto Agency) Asylum applications in Germany have soared, from about 127,000 in 2013 to more than 185,000 last year, according to Eurostat. Despite mounting opposition to the anti-Islam protests, the movement is spreading to cities across the country and attracting more and more supporters. Pegida supporters march in Berlin on Jan. 5. (Carsten Koall/Getty Images)   Photos: Anti-Islam protests stir debate in Germany 1 of 23 Full Screen Autoplay Close  Jan. 5, 2015 Monday Skip Ad × Anti-Islam protests stir debate in Germany View Photos Some take to the streets to voice support for more restrictive policies, while others say the movement has racist undertones. Caption Some take to the streets to voice support for more restrictive policies, while others say the movement has racist undertones.  Jan. 12, 2015 Supporters of PEGIDA march for the first time in their own version of the protests, which they have dubbed LEGIDA, in Leipzig, Germany. Jens Schlueter/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
