 Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas delivers a speech at Cooper Union on Sept. 22, 2014, in New York. (Jason DeCrow/AP) The aging, frustrated, isolated president of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, will address the United Nations General Assembly on Friday. It could be the signal speech of his career — and a sign of what is to come. Abbas, his associates say, will appeal to the world body to “internationalize” the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, to support an end to the Israeli occupation and the creation of a sovereign Palestinian state, with borders based upon the 1967 lines and with East Jerusalem as its capital. Abbas told an audience of university students in New York this week that he is old and wants to see a map of what his future state might look like. Then things might get interesting. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas was allowed to enter the U.N. General Assembly chamber through the front door on Wednesday, but his security staff—as per U.N. protocol—was not. (Reuters) Here is how a few Israeli, Palestinian and U.S. diplomats and academics, interviewed by The Washington Post, imagine possible scenarios: Watch out: Abbas has nothing to lose Abbas is 79. His term in office officially ended five years ago. He has complained to anyone who will listen that he is sick and tired. “At the end of his rope,” said a U.S. official. In the wake of the 50-day Gaza war, which left 2,100 Palestinians dead, his nemesis, the Islamist militant movement (and terror organization) Hamas, is more popular than ever. Abbas, who has pledged non-violence but has been belittled by Israel, is yesterday’s news in the West Bank and Gaza. Recent polls suggest that he would lose an election if held today. Is Abbas serious? After his speech before the General Assembly on Friday, Abbas and the Palestinians, who were overwhelmingly granted “observer state status” in the United Nations in 2012, will most likely introduce a binding resolution to the U.N. Security Council to end the Israeli occupation — within three years. “We are writing the text now,” said Hanan Ashrawi, a member of the PLO executive committee, who added that the draft resolution was being shared with the Americans. “If they do not want us to do this, what do they want us to do? Armed struggle?” she said. Last week, President Francois Hollande of France, which is one of the five permanent members of the Security Council, signaled that he would support such a resolution. What will Obama do? The United States will likely veto the resolution in the Security Council. President Obama and Secretary of State John F. Kerry might agree with the broad goals of the Palestinian demands (1967 borders with land swaps, some kind of “capital” in or around Jerusalem), but on long-standing principle, they will reject the resolution, stating that Abbas will never get a Palestinian state through the United Nations, only through direct negotiations with Israel. Palestinians seek more “statehoodiness” Rebuffed by the Americans and egged on by restive advisers, such as former chief peace negotiator Saeb Erekat, Abbas announces that Palestine will become a party to additional U.N. treaties, conventions and bodies. The Palestinians in April signed 15 United Nations protocols dealing with social and human rights, such as the Declaration of the Rights of the Child. In retaliation, Israel announces new construction in the Jewish settlements in the West Bank. Palestinians up the ante A 1990 law bars U.S. funding to U.N. bodies that recognize a Palestinian state. The United States lost its right to vote in the cultural and educational body UNESCO after Palestinians acceded to the convention three years ago. If Palestinians decide to join the U.N. World Health Organization, for example, the United States may be forced to withdraw support from the group (in the middle of the Ebola epidemic). If the Palestinians join the International Atomic Energy Agency, the same would happen (in the middle of negotiations with Iran over its nuclear ambitions). The Israelis go on a building spree In response, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, leader of a coalition government dominated by the Israeli right, will have to do something dramatic. Some diplomats believe the Israelis would announce major construction in the West Bank area known as “E1” to the east of Jerusalem, creating a partial barrier to a contiguous Palestinian state. Congress, furious with the Palestinians over its membership in WHO or IAEA, withholds financial aid, which the Palestinian Authority needs to survive. Or the Israelis cut off tax revenues they collect for the Palestinians. Palestinians stop being Israel’s cops? The Palestinians have already announced that they are “reconsidering” security cooperation with Israeli forces in the West Bank. Now they end the arrangement. Really? The Israelis respond. They squeeze border crossings or put troops into Palestinian-controlled areas. The Israeli right pushes to annex “Area C,” already under full Israeli control, which amounts to 60 percent of the West Bank. Then the “nuclear option” The Palestinians seek membership in the International Criminal Court in The Hague and press to have Israeli political and military leaders brought up on war crimes charges for the occupation in the West Bank and civilian deaths in Gaza. The Israelis respond with war crimes charges of their own at the ICC against Hamas, and by extension its partner the Palestinian Authority, for indiscriminate rocket fire aimed at civilian population centers, for starters. Israelis think this threat of war crimes will get the Palestinians nowhere. “You can’t take Israel to the ICC and then say you want to negotiate with the Israelis for a state,” said Alan Baker, former Israeli ambassador to Canada. “It’s a non-sequitur.” The end game? With few cards left to play, Abbas disbands the Palestinian Authority in the West Bank (and Gaza), created under the auspices of the Oslo Accords in 1993, and hands the keys of governance to the Israelis, who would then be responsible for health, welfare and security in the Palestinian territories. What would happen then is too far in the future for diplomats to imagine.
