   Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan and his new wife, Reham Khan, a TV journalist, pose for a photograph during their wedding ceremony at his house in Islamabad on Jan. 8. (PTI/AFP/Getty Images)  TV networks across Pakistan scrambled to cover one of the biggest media events in recent weeks. No, it wasn't the outrage over the Charlie Hebdo cartoons, but the marriage of one of the country's most well-known politicians. Imran Khan, who was once one of the world's most famous cricketers and had recently led Pakistan in a series of protests against the current government, married 41-year-old Reham Khan, a former BBC correspondent and currently a host of a Pakistani talk show. Khan has long been a darling of the media -- he was previously married to Jemima Goldsmith, a glamorous British socialite who was Jewish, half his age, and converted to Islam after marriage. He led Pakistan to its only cricket world championship in 1992, and as a politician, spoke fiercely against U.S. foreign policy, most notably against the use of drones. In September of last year, he led thousands to protest against the current Pakistani government in a series of demonstrations that shook the country. He was seen by many as the country's most eligible man. But that changed when news of a small ceremony between the Khans was leaked. But this media frenzy isn't just about Khan: It's about his new wife. Reham Khan oversees a talk show in Pakistan that discusses current affairs. She was born in Libya to Pakistani parents and completed most of her education in Britain. She was previously married, and is a successful career woman. For many conservative Pakistanis who adore Imran Khan and his anti-U.S. stance and perceived sympathy toward the Taliban, Reham's divorcee status and her Western ways don't bode well. This isn't all: Last week, footage of Reham emerged showing her cooking sausages for a BBC South Today segment, where she is seen learning how to cook pork, a food that is forbidden in Islam. This fed into the image of Khan's westernized, foreign air that didn't quite fit in with an image that many of Khan's followers had of the woman they hoped could be their future first lady.  Before the video caused controversies for Reham, social media exploded when images of her touching a woman's back started circulating, causing many to call her a lesbian. Videos and stills from her time as a correspondent wearing short skirts also went viral, and after increased attacks on social media, Reham deleted her Facebook account. Reham Khan Drunk at a Private party,rubbing a woman's back. Is she a lesbian now? #ImranKhan pic.twitter.com/XOCMGv5wEA — Thappar Kha (@gs2030) December 30, 2014 Backlash against Reham has caught up to Khan, who despite being pegged as a playboy in his earlier days and was married to a British woman for almost a decade, had presented himself as a conservative. His sisters even spoke out against the marriage, claiming they didn't approve of Reham. According to the Guardian, a Khan relative said that many of his conservative followers didn't care about Khan's own divorce or his past because "at least he is honest and sacrificed his family for his country. And now he is starting a new one.” The anger toward the new couple came full force a week after their wedding when they visited the Peshawar school where 150 people were killed by the Taliban in December. They were met with an angry mob which chanted, "Go Imran go."  The protesters blocked Khan and his wife from entering the school from the front gate, and the exchange quickly became the top news item of the day.