 Australian police are investigating the murder of an Indonesian woman after she was found dismembered and cooking on a stove. (Reuters) Australian police responding to reports of a foul odor emitting from a Brisbane apartment found a gruesome scene: the dismembered body of a woman. The murder was widely covered in the Australian and British press for, among other reasons, the unconfirmed reports that the woman's body was found cooking on the apartment stove. The woman has since been identified in several media reports as Mayang Prasetyo. She met the man believed to be her murderer, Marcus Volke, while the pair worked on international cruise ships. Volke worked as a chef; Prasetyo was reportedly the breadwinner for some family members who live in Indonesia. The couple moved into the apartment they shared a few weeks ago, Sky News reported. Investigators believe that Volke took his own life after escaping into an alleyway once police arrived at his door. It appears that Prasetyo's body sat in the apartment for several days before officials conducted the welfare check. The deaths shocked residents of the upmarket Teneriffe complex. "That poor girl has sat there for however many days, and we’ve just been walking past, living our lives, and thinking 'what’s that smell?'" resident Courtney Reichart told the Associated Press. Reichart added that she and her husband met the couple once, and they "seemed quite friendly, they didn't seem like they had any issues, but it was a quick meet and greet." Police are treating the deaths as a murder-suicide. But with the suspect dead, there's little information on when — or why — this happened. Coverage of the story, however, has focused details of the victim's backstory that have no connection, as of yet, to her death. Namely, that Prasetyo was transgender. The story has also served as a reminder that the media has a lot to learn about how to cover stories involving a transgender person. Mayang Prasetyo is repeatedly referred to as a "transsexual" by the International Business Times. Although some individuals do identify as "transsexual," the term is often viewed as old-fashioned and not an appropriate umbrella word. News.com.au, the second-most-read news site in Australia, calls her a "transsexual 'high-class' prostitute." Many of the articles covering the murder are laden with provocative photographs of the victim in a bikini, as if any story about a trans person is an excuse to view and scrutinize trans bodies. The Daily Mail, if nothing else, is pretty upfront about this: The headline on its story about this brutal murder reads, "First pictures of transsexual wife murdered and cooked by her chef husband who then slashed his throat as police arrived." Australian transgender rights advocates were particularly upset by the Courier-Mail's treatment of this story. Here is the tabloid's cover: Did someone at @couriermail not stop and think this was in extremely poor taste before sending to press? #equality pic.twitter.com/w5qZvxKYmA — Daniel Dulhunty (@dulhunty) October 6, 2014  The Brisbane-based tabloid, owned by News Corp., has a reputation for particularly inflammatory covers. But Tuesday's Courier-Mail cover crossed a line for many readers: Dear @couriermail, Your lurid & sensational reporting of a woman’s murder today was shameful. She was a human being, not an entertainment. — Badham Insouciance (@vanbadham) October 7, 2014 Transphobia, victim-blaming, objectification and irresponsible reporting of spousal murder on today's disgraceful @couriermail cover. SHAME. — Jessica Craig-Piper (@JesCraigPiper) October 7, 2014 With regards to @couriermail’s front page & headline story today, I have: 1. Complained to their social media accounts 2. Signed a petition — Alison Fairleigh (@AlisonFairleigh) October 7, 2014 .@couriermail A disgraceful cover in typical sensationalist fashion. 2 people died, 1 who happened to be a beautiful transgendered person. — Adrian Fernand (@AdrianFernand) October 7, 2014 Still so disgusted at @couriermail's utterly appalling transphobic front page today. — Brendan Keogh (@BRKeogh) October 7, 2014 Those who decided to flip open the publication and read the actual story were dismayed to find that the paper had referred to the victim as "ladyboy." Woah, hadn't seen inside the Courier Mail via @YaThinkN pic.twitter.com/QYJJ6UFwkh — Bridie Jabour (@bkjabour) October 7, 2014 We e-mailed the Courier-Mail's editor for comment, but have not yet heard back. As BuzzFeed noted, one journalist at the paper took to Twitter to attempt to defend his employer's cover: 
