Once, Burma's majority Buddhists and minority Rohingya Muslims lived peacefully. Today, many Rohingya have been closed off in refugee camps for more than two years after a wave of religious violence swept the country, ­leaving thousands displaced. President Obama traveled to Burma on Wednesday to begin a visit expected to include talks with rights activists, including Nobel laureate Aung San Suu Kyi. But Obama also has faced criticism from some groups for not pressing Burmese leaders harder on issues such as the persecution of the Rohingya. Read the full story: New concerns over Burma’s treatment of the Rohingya More than 3,000 Muslims now live in the Myebon camp. Government health workers come five days a week, but there is no emergency service. Most of the inhabitants subsist on rations from the World Food Program. They are low on firewood because they have cut down all the trees. They have had no soap or sanitation supplies for months. Here is what this camp, cut off from the outside world, looks like from the inside. Rohingya children at the camp. About 135,000 Rohingya in the western state of Rakhine are still being held — ostensibly for their own safety — as virtual prisoners in camps with scarce food, water and health care. Young Rohingya girls are taught needlework. There are few trees left in the camp because wood is needed for fuel. Those in the camp made a makeshift mosque. Burma naturalized citizenship card -- what many Rohingya Muslims hope to get. To be accepted, they must provide extensive documentation and renounce the term Rohingya — embraced by an estimated 1 million people — and allow themselves to be listed as another ethnicity. If they refuse, they could be placed in detention camps and shipped to another country, according to an early draft of the plan. Rohingyas find water to bring back to the camp. http://instagram.com/p/vQ-dcAPq5N/ RELATED: Refugees with little refuge 1 of 13 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Refugees with little refuge View Photos Thousands of Rohingya Muslims in Burma have been put in displaced-persons camps amid religious violence. Caption Thousands of Rohingya Muslims in Burma have been put in displaced-persons camps amid religious violence.  Nov. 8, 2014 Mohammed Nur Amin takes a break from working on a wooden boat at a refu­gee camp for Rohingya outside Sittwe, Burma. Many in the camp talk about fleeing the country, where they have long been persecuted. Paula Bronstein/For The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. View Photo Gallery —Thousands of Rohingya Muslims in Burma have been placed in camps for internally displaced people as religious violence flares in the fledgling democracy. 
