 Models pose next to an Icona Vulcano at the Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition (AUTO Shanghai) media day in Shanghai in April 2013. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko) BEIJING – Glamorous models will no longer stand alluringly beside shiny cars at this year’s auto show in Shanghai, while cleavage has been cut from a popular historical soap opera. China’s Communist government is taking a new, more austere line, to howls of protest from many ordinary people. Beautiful women presenting flashy cars had become the iconic image of Shanghai’s popular auto show, but organizers have told participants that models would no longer be allowed to show off the cars when the event next takes place in April, local media reported on Friday. The measure followed hot on the heels of a widely derided decision to abruptly yank a popular Chinese historical drama, “The Empress of China,” off television screens earlier this month. The show returned to television days later – with shots reedited to cut out cleavage and focus in more closely on actresses’ faces. A television, left, displays the original version of a popular drama next to a computer displaying the version that was reedited in Beijing on Thursday.  (AP Photo/Andy Wong) While the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television declined to comment on why the drama had been censored, it appeared to be in line with the government's calls for more positive, moral content in the arts and media. But even China’s state-run media was forced to admit the decision was unpopular and had sparked a debate about censorship. Communist Party mouthpiece the People’s Daily reported on its Twitter feed that 95 percent of netizens disagreed with the edits from the show, while the Global Times newspaper said many fans had been “enraged.” The show, also known as the “Saga of Wu Zetian,” concerns the life of China’s only known empress, who ruled China from 690 until 705 during the Tang dynasty. “Why are people in the 21st century less open than those a millennium ago?” scriptwriter Li Yalong was quoted by the state Xinhua news agency as having said on her weibo social media account. “Actually, it is not the cleavage people care about,” said Ren Zhiqiang, a Chinese property tycoon and popular online commentator known for his bluntness. “It is the administrative approval power, which has been seized by a bunch of cultural hooligans.” Hong Huang, a fashion magazine publisher and another popular online commentator, lamented that the discussion of the most powerful woman in Chinese history had been reduced to a controversy about cleavage. “I remember Queen Elizabeth played by Cate Blanchett, I remember the plot, but I can’t recall if there were scenes revealing cleavages or not.” Others simply lamented that the controls were making life less fun. “Can’t see the Empress at home, can’t see car models when I go out, life just turned gloomy,” lamented one netizen on Friday, although others did express support. “This is absolutely right. Boycott vulgarity,” said another. Fan Ziye, a model, said she had never worn revealing clothes, but she lamented that a minority of models had ruined the industry by doing so. “We work very hard to show the cars and make money through hard work,” she posted on weibo. “Selling flesh is shameful and should be banned, but what about us? This is our job!” The latest decisions appear to follow a speech made by President Xi Jinping in October, in which he said art should serve the people and socialism, display “morality” and avoid vulgarity, and not become “the slave of the market.” Liu Liu contributed to this report. A model poses with a KIA K9 car at the Shanghai International Automobile Industry Exhibition (AUTO Shanghai) in  April 2013. (AP Photo/Eugene Hoshiko)                    
