 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi, center left in the middle section of table, sits across from President Barack Obama with Indian and U.S. dignitaries, including U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj, during a private dinner function at the White House in Washington, DC, on Sept. 29, 2014. (Indian Press Information Bureau) As expected, visiting Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi drank only warm water at a dinner given by President Obama in his honor at the White House Monday night. For more than 30 years, Modi has been observing the annual nine-day religious fast called Navratri, an auspicious period in the Hindu calendar that also marks the coming of autumn. Modi was in the fifth day of his fast when he arrived on the Obamas’ doorstep Monday evening. He is staying at Blair House across the street. India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrived in Washington Monday ahead of talks with President Obama. Formal talks between Modi and Obama are scheduled for Tuesday. (Narendra Modi via YouTube) The two leaders spoke face-to-face for the first time over a long table in the Blue Room, flanked by Vice President Biden, U.S. Secretary of State John F. Kerry and India’s External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj. Michelle Obama was absent, but the event had been billed as a working dinner. Guests dined on avocado with goat cheese and bell pepper, crisped halibut with basmati rice and mango crème brulee. A spokesman for India’s Ministry of External Affairs, Syed Akbaruddin, said in a briefing that the Prime Minister had said before the dinner that he did not want to “embarrass anybody," so he insisted that meal go forward as planned. “He requested that they continue with normal practice of having the dinner while he would have his warm water,” Akbaruddin said. The fact that the Modi, 64, was fasting throughout during his first high-profile visit to the United States has been much discussed both in majority-Hindu India and in the U.S. The stamina shown by the new leader -- who boasted of his 56-inch chest on the campaign trail -- has resulted in fawning headlines back home such as this one from the Times of India: “Narendra Modi hasn’t eaten for four days, baffles Americans with vigor.” Scrutiny, and expectations, are high for the visit, the first meeting between the two leaders since Modi became prime minister in May. The true work of the summit begins Tuesday, with discussions of defense cooperation, trade and climate change.   Related: Obama hosts India's Modi for White House visit 1 of 31 Full Screen Autoplay Close European Pressphoto Agency. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi kicked off a two-day visit with President Obama. Caption Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi kicked off a two-day visit with President Obama. Sept. 30, 2014 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi arrives at the White House for a bilateral meeting with President Obama. Michael Reynolds/European Pressphoto Agency Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. View Photo Gallery —Once shunned by the United States, Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi rode a wave of enthusiasm and popular support Monday to the White House, where he kicked off a two-day visit with President Barack Obama. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi paid tribute to Mahatma Gandhi at the memorial to Gandhi outside the Indian Embassy in Washington. (Narendra Modi via YouTube) 
