 On Saturday, Saudi Arabia's Sheik Ahmed al-Ghamedi appeared on "Badria," a talk show shown on Dubai-based satellite television channel MBC. During the show, the Islamic cleric told viewers that women were not required to wear a full niqab and could also wear beauty products. Ghamedi's appearance on "Badria" followed similar statements he had made on Twitter. On television, however, he decided to go further. Ghamedi not only appeared on television himself, but so did his wife, Jawaher bint Ali. And not only was her face uncovered, but she was wearing makeup and her nails were painted. "The Prophet did not order women to cover their faces," Ghamedi explained to the female host of the show, Badria Al Bishr. "Wearing makeup is allowed." In a country where religious arguments are often used to restrict women's rights (Saudi Arabia is the only country to not allow women to drive, for example), this was a bold action — Saudi women are generally expected to be completely covered when they are seen in public. Instead, Ghamedi's wife was simply wearing an abaya cloak. Ghamedi has made similar comments in the past. While he was once the head of Mecca's branch of the Saudi Committee for Promotion of Virtue and Prevention of Vice (usually referred to as the Religious Police), in recent years he has become better known for his liberal positions on woman's rights, publicly arguing that genders should be able to mix freely and that women should be able to travel without a male partner. However, by showing his wife's face on television he sparked an even larger backlash. On Monday, Ghamedi told the Saudi newspaper al Watan that he had received threats since the show aired. Later, Saudi Arabia's Grand Mufti criticized him to the press. "My message to Sheik al-Ghamdi is to fear God," Sheik Abdul Aziz Al Sheik told the Saudi news site Sabq, according to a translation from CNN. "You should ask repentance from God, and to back away from this mistake before you meet God with these sins." The act may have some real repercussions for Ghamedi. On Thursday, it was announced that a number of Saudis in Jiddah were planning a lawsuit against the cleric for encouraging women to show their faces. Online, some shared a picture of Ghamedi and his wife sitting close with a blonde woman (apparently a sign of their impropriety). In Saturday's interview on "Badria," Ali acknowledged that her husband's religious statements had already caused some problems for her family. “Our children complain that some teachers tell them: why does your father say this and that?” she said.
