 Smoke billows  above areas where clashes are taking place between pro-government forces, who are backed by the locals, and the Shura Council of Libyan Revolutionaries, an alliance of former anti-Gaddafi rebels who have joined forces with the Islamist group Ansar al-Sharia, in Benghazi on Nov. 17. (Esam Omran Al-Fetori/Reuters) A study conducted by a Danish human rights organization has found that perhaps as much as a third of the entire population of Libya is experiencing anxiety or depression in the wake of the 2011 collapse of the dictatorship of the late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. The organization, Dignity, also known as the Danish Institute Against Torture, revealed the findings of their research to the Guardian newspaper. The Gaddafi regime, which held sway over Libya for some four decades, was one of the casualties of the Arab Spring, brought down by a rebellion that was backed by a NATO bombing campaign. Accounts differ, but by one estimate, the 2011 revolution led to at least 25,000 deaths in a country of a little over 6 million people. The aftermath has yielded little peace: The country remains torn by rival factions and militias, and is in the grips now of a low-level civil war. Libya's standing army has melted away; its elected parliament fled the capital Tripoli months ago to take up exile in the country's east. Two feuding coalitions — one composed, in part, of Islamists and the other led by secularists and army defectors now backed by regimes in Egypt and the U.A.E. — are vying for control. On Tuesday, unidentified aircraft targeted Islamist positions near one of the country's only functioning airports outside Tripoli. As a recent report by the International Crisis Group pointed out, law and order in Libya is now the domain of a disparate web of armed groups and local tribal councils, leading to a spike in extrajudicial violence, targeted assassinations and urban skirmishes between militias. This fractious state of affairs has become Libya's new normal. The Dignity study was carried out in collaboration with Benghazi University, and is based on a survey of 2,692 households completed in October 2013 — when the situation in the country was arguably slightly calmer. Here's a summary of what the research yielded, according to the Guardian: A fifth of households (20%) had a family member who had disappeared, 11% reported having a household member arrested and 5% reported that one had been killed, researchers found. Of those arrested, 46% reported beatings, 20% positional torture or suspensions and 16% suffocation. Between 3% and 5% reported having suffered sexual, thermal or electrical torture ... Data revealed that 29% of individuals reported anxiety and 30% depression. Stress levels showed a preoccupation with political instability (63.6%) followed by the collapse of the country (61.2%), insecurity about “life right now” (56.6%) and insecurity about the future (46.4%). Nearly 30% reported being exposed to violence during demonstrations. It's hard to gauge the toll that the violence and upheavals of the past few years have exacted on Libyan society, says the Danish organization. "Libya has a practice of not seeking help for psychological problems," reads the report, cited by the Guardian. "And the few trained psychologists and psychiatrists have very limited experience of treating trauma and consequences of torture and war." At present, the country's political divisions need urgent attention and reconciliation. But there are deeper wounds in Libya that may take far longer to heal.
