 Outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai says he won’t be living in the recently-completed mansion. (Reuters) The sprawling white estate on the grounds of Afghanistan’s presidential palace was designed as President Hamid Karzai’s retirement home, where he could settle down like royalty but still keep a watchful eye over his successor. While it was being built over the past 15 months, the house was a symbol of the concern among Western diplomats and analysts that Karzai’s tenure as president may be ending this year, but his influence over the country’s affairs would continue. “Hamid Karzai is giving up his power, but not his influence,” the Guardian declared in April, referring to his post-presidency compound. But in a surprise move, Karzai announced Thursday that he won’t be living in the recently completed mansion when he finally leaves office. It’s too large, Karzai told reporters, so he’s opted for a more modest residence among the masses in Kabul. So what will happen with the new heavily fortified compound (described by the New York Times last year as a 13,000-square-foot “European-style mansion")?  It will instead be used as presidential guest house. “This exquisite edifice has been built compliant with a constitutional mandate for the retired president,” Karzai said at the ribbon-cutting for the property, according to the Afghanistan Times. “But, living in this guesthouse is a luxury that exceeds the life of a common Afghan, and I want it to be used for the reception of presidential palace guests.” In an interview with the Agence France-Presse news service, Karzai spokesman Aimal Faizi said the outgoing president decided “weeks ago” that the house was too lavish for him to reside in with his wife and three children. “He will have a normal, Afghan-type home in Kabul,” Faizi said. “It is not a newly built house, and people will soon know exactly where it is.” Karzai’s decision to scale down his retirement home is likely to throw another wrinkle into the debate about just how easily the 56-year-old plans to give up power. And once he does, will he be a former president who fades away? Or one who continually seeks to keep his hands in the country’s affairs? After serving two terms, Karzai was supposed to step down from office this summer. But the selection of his successor has been repeatedly delayed due to allegations that the country’s presidential election was fraudulent. The two top finishers, Ashraf Ghani and Abdullah Abdullah, have also been unable to agree on who would serve what role under a U.S.-brokered agreement calling for a presidential government. Some Afghan leaders believe that Karzai is relishing the stalemate and helped to engineer it to extend his tenure as president. Abdullah, who was the second-place finisher in the June runoff, has accused Karzai of conspiring with Ghani to stuff ballot boxes with hundreds of thousands of fraudulent votes. Under the so-called “chaos theory,” Karzai would retain his grip on the presidency while Ghani and Abdullah battle it out, perhaps even if that risked a civil war. Karzai has strongly denied allegations that he or his aides played a role in the outcome of the runoff. And in recent weeks, there have been mounting signs that Karzai really, really is ready to give up a job he’s held since 2002. In late August, when the recount began, Karzai seemed publicly hesitant to remain on the job for another month. Later in the month, Karzai caused a bit of panic in Kabul when he said he was definitely leaving office on Sept. 2, even though it was clear at that time that the recount would not be completed and a new government would not be in place by that date. After a visit from the head of the United Nations’ Afghanistan mission, Karzai agreed to remain in office until the recount process was complete. But in a nationally televised speech on Wednesday, Karzai appeared genuinely distressed that the date of his departure remained up in the air. He urged Afghans to step up the pressure on Abdullah and Ghani to quickly finalize a coalition government. Waheed Mozhdah, a Kabul-based political analyst, said Karzai’s decision to give up the luxurious mansion may be a sign that Karzai plans to leave Afghanistan after the new president is sworn in. Mozhdah notes that Karzai will leave office with immense family wealth and may have concluded that staying behind in Afghanistan could make him vulnerable to political and legal reprisals from his detractors. In his interview with AFP, however, Faizi insisted that Karzai will remain in Kabul. He’ll just be living in a house that has only a “few bedrooms,” Faizi said. [Crossword Puzzle: How closely have you been following world news this week?]  
