   Ferguson protesters hold up their hands and chant in the Edward Jones Dome in St. Louis during the San Francisco 49ers/St. Louis Rams game on Monday. (David Carson/St. Louis Post-Dispatch via AP)  On Monday, at stadiums separated by almost 10,000 miles, protesters attempted to showcase their causes. In St. Louis, a group of protesters called for justice in Ferguson, Mo., at a NFL game between the St. Louis Rams and the San Francisco 49ers. In Hong Kong, as the Chinese territory's soccer team prepared to line up against Argentina in an international friendly, hundreds of supporters of the city's pro-democracy movement tried to bring symbols of their protests into the stands. They were not as successful as their counterparts in St. Louis. At the Rams's game, protesters unfurled banners declaring that "Black Lives Matter" and held up signs in the name of Mike Brown, the unarmed black teenager whose death at the hands of a police officer was the initial spark for the protests. Elsewhere in St. Louis, dozens were arrested in coordinated acts of civilian disobedience dubbed "Moral Monday." Ferguson protesters take action INSIDE stadium during Rams v 49s game! pic.twitter.com/52Q0o2c6QB— Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) October 14, 2014  Outside Rams game: "You think it's a game? You think it's a joke? They shot, Mike Brown. You're kids could ... https://t.co/aPUvW5Qz8B— Trymaine Lee (@trymainelee) October 14, 2014  In Hong Kong, protesters attempted to bring in signs displaying a yellow umbrella, an unofficial insignia of the Umbrella Movement, a term for the demonstrations and occupations that have taken place at the heart of this Asian metropolis for more than two weeks. A streak of Hong Kong nationalism animates the protests, which in part have been fueled by rising anger with Beijing and its refusal to grant Hong Kong genuine democracy. But authorities outside the city's main stadium blocked fans from turning the game into a show of defiance. Here's a summary from the South China Morning Post, Hong Kong's leading English daily:  A soccer fan carrying a pro-Occupy Central placard was barred from entering the Hong Kong Stadium to watch tonight’s Hong Kong vs Argentina match. “The security guard checked my bag … and found the placard. They refused to let me in, and said this is the order from their superiors," said Wong Man-lee, 26, who paid HK$1,800 to watch the game. Wong said she got the placard, featuring a yellow umbrella and the words “support Hong Kong”, from people distributing them near the stadium. "[The guards] said I could put it down and get it back when I leave. They also said the placard was provocative, but I just don't understand that," said Wong, who was allowed in when she dropped the sign. Wong said “hundreds of other fans with the placards” were refused entry. She asked to meet a representative of the Hong Kong Football Association about it, to no avail.  Hong Kong was trounced 7-0 by a star-studded Argentine side. Despite their considerable differences, many have attempted to draw comparisons between the two protest movements. Perhaps the most obvious has been both their use of the "hands up" gesture -- a mark of their peacefulness in the face of police brutality, in one place, and the vast power of the centralized state in the other. In Mong Kok, protesters raising their hands as a sign they mean no violence when confronting cops pic.twitter.com/7xEj499cJK— Ishaan Tharoor (@ishaantharoor) October 3, 2014  It's unclear what either movement will be able to concretely achieve, but the persistence of the protesters has won both sets global attention. This sort of agitprop seen on Monday, often in the face of vitriol and abuse from critical onlookers, adds fuel to the fire. 