 Over the past four months, fighters from the Islamic State have targeted cities and areas in northern Iraq and Syria and massacred soldiers and residents, especially those belonging to minority tribes and other Muslim sects and religions. Here's a breakdown of some of the worst attacks by the radical Sunni group which was inspired by al-Qaeda: A survivor recounts his release from the Islamic State after the militant group overran a military base north of Baghdad and killed hundreds of newly trained Iraqi soldiers in June. (Reuters)   DEIR AL-ZOUR PROVINCE 700 tribesmen were killed in eastern Syria when they revolted against the Islamic State, making this the bloodiest massacre committed by the militant group. Most belonged to the Shaitat tribe, and were crushed after an attempted uprising against the Islamic State. According to The Post's Liz Sly, the area "has now been abandoned, and many of the bodies remain uncollected, offering a chilling reminder to residents elsewhere of the fate that awaits those who dare rebel." Read the full story. CAMP SPEICHER 560 to 770 people killed, according to Human Rights Watch. The militant group had initially claimed that 1,700 soldiers were slain. The group "posted graphic photos that appeared to show its gunmen massacring scores of Iraqi soldiers after loading the captives onto flatbed trucks and then forcing them to lie face-down in a shallow ditch, their arms tied behind their backs." MOSUL 670 people killed, according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights. About 1,000 to 1,500 prisoners from a jail in Mosul were lined up into four rows. The militants asked those who were Sunnis to step aside, then ordered the rest to kneel and opened fire on them. KIRKUK Estimates of at least 40 people killed in four villages. The attacks took place south of Kirkuk, two weeks after the Islamic State captured Mosul, a major Iraqi city. This video below shows tanks that were abandoned by Iraqi soldiers as the militant group made gains. Iraqi soldiers abandoned tanks in Kirkuk as Islamist fighters made serious gains overnight. Militants from the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant group are believed to be moving toward Baghdad. (Reuters) YAZIDIS At least 80 members of the minority religion were massacred. In addition, thousands of other Yazidis were stranded on a mountain in northern Iraq as they tried to escape the militant group. President Obama said many were starving, and that their deaths "would constitute genocide." The plight of the Yazidis prompted the White House to order airstrikes against the Islamic State. TABQA AIR BASE 120 Syrian soldiers who had been captured were subsequently killed, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. The deaths occurred as the Islamic State seized the Tabqa airbase, which was one of the last strongholds of the Syrian army in the northern region of the country. Editor's note: This video contains graphic content. Video posted online purports to show Islamic State fighters after the seizure of Tabqa air base, posing on top of aircraft and referring to Syrian soldiers as sheep while forcing them to keep moving. The group claims to have killed a total of 250 soldiers. (Reuters) 
