   Gabriela Markus was crowned Miss Brazil in 2012. (Getty Images)  RIO DE JANEIRO -- Juvir Costella, the new Secretary for Tourism, Sport and Leisure for the southern Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul, did not concern himself with political or administrative experience when it came to choosing his deputy secretary. Gabriela Markus, 26, who started in the job Tuesday, has neither. But she was chosen "Miss Brazil" in 2012, going on to represent her country at that year’s Miss Universe Pageant in Las Vegas, where she came in fifth. News that a former Miss Brazil is Rio Grande do Sul State’s new deputy secretary for tourism and will stand in for Costella when he is away or sick made headlines in Brazil on Wednesday – a country whose attitude to political correctness, where it has one at all, sometimes seems rooted in the 1970s, if not earlier. Beauty is an obsession in Brazil. And Markus’s white skin and straight dark hair meet the standard many Brazilian women spend heavily on cosmetics and plastic surgery to achieve. “I am very content. It is a new mission, a new challenge,” Markus said by phone from state government headquarters in Porto Alegre. Markus said she hoped to help develop the state’s tourism policies – though it was too early to give details – and in a phrase that will ring familiar for beauty pageant fans, defined her qualifications for the role as, essentially, having "traveled and met people" while reigning as Miss Brazil. “Meeting people, journeys to different countries, contact with different cultures and people – this enables us to have a different perception of the world,” she said. Markus added that she is an athlete and plays volleyball. “I have a strong connection with sport,” she said. Her appointment follows the decision by Rio Grande do Sul’s new governor, José Ivo Sartori, elected in October, to close his state’s Secretariat for Women’s Policies and incorporate it into the Secretariat of Justice and Human Rights. The move was greeted with dismay in Porto Alegre. “We lost autonomy, visibility and priority in the state administration,” said outgoing Women’s Policies Secretary Ariane Leitão in an article for the Sul 21 site on Jan. 1. “We receded.” The State Government's Women’s Policies now come under the control of a man, Justice Secretary César Faccioli. Markus said she totally supported the decision. “I believe in the capacity, the competence and the seriousness of our governor,” she said. “I agree with the decisions he is making.” The former Miss Brazil unsuccessfully stood for state deputy in October’s elections. She comes from a political family – her uncle is a mayor and her father was a councilor, both in the small city of Paverama. “I was always interested in politics, but I did not think I could compete,” Markus said. That changed in August 2013, when Markus accompanied her aunt and uncle on a visit to the capital Brasília and met Brazil’s Vice President Michel Temer, who is from the same Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, or PMDB, as Markus, her relatives and, indeed, Governor Sartori. Temer suggested she consider a career change. “He commented, ‘Why don’t you go into politics as well?’ As my whole family is in this area,” she said. Brazil’s vice president knows a little about beauty queens: his wife Marcela, 43 years his junior, was twice runner-up in provincial beauty contests. On Jan. 1, the young Mrs. Temer cut an unusual figure as she lined up next to Dilma Rousseff’s daughter during the re-elected president’s inauguration ceremony – the second time she has done so. The Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is one of the most powerful parties in Brazil. But it is not known for any particular political stance. As the main ally to Rousseff’s Workers Party in her ruling coalition, it concentrates more on alliances than policy, and doesn’t field its own presidential candidate. In an interview last May, the party’s leader in the Chamber of Deputies, Eduardo Cunha, told the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper that the party was “tired of being banked as a physical mass.” Gabriela Markus declined to explain what it was about her party’s policies that attracted her. She said the question had no part in the interview, which should be about her career. “I am sympathetic to it because this was where I was raised,” she said. “It was because of the family connection, I already knew the party.” She will likely go far in Brazilian politics. (Read: In Brazil, unrest is simmering again, over bus fares, Olympic golf and Nazi cops)