   Outgoing Afghan President Hamid Karzai speaks during a gathering of government employees in Kabul on Sept.23, 2014. Karzai on Tuesday blamed the United States for his country's long war, a final swipe at the country that helped bring him to power 13 years ago but toward which he has become increasingly bitter. REUTERS/Mohammad Ismail  You might expect a world leader whose country has received more than $100 billion in U.S. taxpayer money to express gratitude when they step down. You'd be wrong. In a parting shot before he leaves office next week, Afghan President Hamid Karzai took aim not at his domestic political rivals, but at the United States. “We don’t have peace because Americans didn’t want peace,” Karzai said at a gathering of several hundred Afghan government employees on Tuesday. Karzai has never been afraid to speak his mind, and over the past few years he has frequently lashed out at Washington. “To the American people, give them my best wishes and my gratitude," he said during an interview with The Post this year. "To the U.S. government, give them my anger, my extreme anger.” It'd be easy to dismiss Karzai's comments as hypocritical or an attempt to deflect criticism. But foreign leaders have often come to the conclusion that U.S. attention has done more harm than good for them, and there is a long legacy of world leaders enjoying considerable support from the United States while also being critical of the country. Here's a selection of criticism, ranging from schadenfreude to outright anger, that has been directed at Washington over the years. Nouri al-Maliki Much like Karzai, Maliki came to lead his country after a U.S.-led invasion. He was prime minister of Iraq from 2006 to 2014, during which American funds were pumped into country to help rebuild it. At least $60 billion of U.S. taxpayer money was sent to Iraq, though later investigations found that much of this money was wasted. Despite the money, Maliki was wary of U.S. power. "I'm a friend to the United States, but not America's man in Iraq," he was reported to have said privately in 2006. When the United States signaled it wanted Maliki to leave office earlier this year, Maliki accused the United States of “standing by violations of Iraq’s Constitution.” Benjamin Netanyahu Israel has long been one of the biggest recipients of U.S. aid, and since 2009, when Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu returned to power, his country has continued to be a beneficiary of billions of dollars in military aid from the United States. But Netanyahu's relationship with President Obama has been through many lows and few highs. Netanyahu actively backed Mitt Romney in the 2012 election, a somewhat unprecedented move for a foreign head of government. He sparred with Washington over the latter's attempts to find rapprochement with Iran. He went on the record voicing how "deeply troubled" he was by U.S. support for a Palestinian unity government, forged earlier this year. Hosni Mubarak Mubarak was the Egyptian president for more than 30 years before being ousted in 2011, receiving tens of billions in economic and military aid. In 2010 alone, for example, Egypt received $1.3 billion military versus $250 million economic aid. Mubarak was not shy of criticizing United States policy, however. "When it is over, if it is over, this war will have horrible consequences," Mubarak told Egyptian soldiers before the U.S.-led invasion of Iraq in 2003. "Instead of having one (Osama) bin Laden, we will have 100 bin Ladens," he said. And as protests in Egypt began to look like they might oust him, Mubarak reportedly told an Israeli politician: "We see the democracy the United States spearheaded in Iran and with Hamas, in Gaza, and that's the fate of the Middle East." Ferdinand Marcos Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos courted U.S. support and aid during his long time in office, and generally Washington was happy to give it (in large part due to a number of American military bases in the country). However, when accusations related to the the murder of a political rival and widespread corruption began to cause major opposition protests, President Ronald Reagan decided to withdraw his support. "I was deposed by a coup d'etat," Marcos would say once he stepped down, "by friends that I trusted and aided by the American government." Nguyễn Văn Thiệu The South Vietnam president received vast amounts of support from the United States, especially during the Vietnam War, where 58,000 Americans died. By 1975, the U.S. military had pulled out and the North Vietnamese army was closing in on Saigon. Thiệu appealed for help, but Congress turned down President Gerald Ford's request for further aid to the South Vietnamese. In a speech announcing his plan to give up the presidency, Thiệu admonished what he saw as an American betrayal. "You don't fight by miracles," he said. "You need high morale and bravery. But even if you are brave, you can't just stand there and bite the enemy. And we are fighting against Russia and China. We're having to bargain for aid from the United States like haggling for fish in the market and I am not going to continue this bargaining for a few million dollars when your lives are at stake." Thiệu finally declared: "You Americans with your 500,000 soldiers in Vietnam! You were not defeated ... you ran away!" Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi Iran's shah received hundreds of millions of dollars from the United States during his time as leader of Iran – the United States and Britain even helped organize a coup to overthrow his democratically elected rival, Prime Minister Mohamed Mossadegh, in 1953 and keep him in power. Despite this, the shah acquiesced to U.S. demands less than you might expect. In the mid-70s, the shah refused to lower oil prices, and he was reported to have privately criticized the United States. "Soviet propaganda is remarkably effective and the Americans are even more remarkably stupid," he was reported to have said in The Shah and I: The Confidential Diary of Iran's Royal Court. Charles de Gaulle France received millions of dollars from the U.S. Marshall Fund to help it rebuild after World War II, but de Gaulle, leader of the government in exile during the war, was eager to get France out of the sphere of "Anglo-Saxon" power during his time in the president's office between 1959 and 1969, notably criticizing the Vietnam War and calling for independence for Quebec. In 1966, he decided to pull France out of the NATO military command, and told the U.S. government that all the U.S. soldiers currently on French soil would have to leave. According to a now well-known (though possibly apocryphal) story, Secretary of State Dean Rusk was instructed by President Lyndon Johnson to ask if that would include the American soldiers buried there. Ishaan Tharoor contributed to this post.