   Dmitry Rogozin, shown in January 2012.  (Yves Logghe/AP)  Dmitry Rogozin is the deputy prime minister of Russia. He was one of the many Russian officials targeted by U.S. sanctions last month for their involvement in Crimea's vote to join the Russian Federation. Rogozin is known as a proud Russian nationalist, and he's not one to mince his words. So how are the sanctions affecting him so far? Let's let the man himself explain, as he did so eloquently on Twitter earlier: Dear NATO people! Enough time has passed since the EU, US, Canada, Australia, Switzerland put me on the sanctions lists— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) April 3, 2014  I wonder if anything came up? Got sth? Have you found my accounts, money transfers, real estate, luxury cars, yachts, etc?— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) April 3, 2014  I ask you to publish this data and make it widely available for general public— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) April 3, 2014  If it's not possible due to the lack of all of the aforementioned, then I'll ask you to send me your teeth ground in impotent rage— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) April 3, 2014  If you think that thx to your visa sanctions u spared y'self the ordeal of seeing me and my colleagues at your place then let me assure you— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) April 3, 2014  Russian defence&industrial complex has plenty of other means of moving around in the world - apart from a tourist visa)— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) April 3, 2014  Rogozin's bravado is remarkable, but perhaps not surprising.  Shortly after his name was released by the U.S. State Department, Rogozin tweeted the following: Comrade @BarackObama, what should do those who have neither accounts nor property abroad? Or U didn't think about it?)http://t.co/16KUTJPXOl— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) March 17, 2014  I think some prankster prepared the draft of this Act of the US President)— Dmitry Rogozin (@DRogozin) March 17, 2014  Rogozin's comments are over the top and perhaps bluster, but they do get to a more important point: It's unclear whether some of the names on the U.S. sanctions list actually have any assets/bank accounts for the U.S. to target. Some, however, do, and it's manifesting itself in interesting ways. For example, the Financial Times reports today that Miley Cyrus has become involved in the sanctions controversy: One venue she is due to play at in Helsinki is partly owned by three names on the list. 