 Al-Qaeda’s affiliate in the Arabian Peninsula threatened to kill Luke Somers, an American photojournalist, after U.S. commandos attempted to free him. (Reuters) After the killing of three U.S. citizens by the militant group Islamic State this year, there has been a renewed debate in the United States about the logic of not paying ransoms to terrorists — although many other nations do pay up covertly. That debate may well come into focus again this week, after al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula — the terror network's affiliate in Yemen — threatened to kill Luke Somers, an American kidnapped in Yemen, in a video released Wednesday. In the past, the United States has used moral and tactical arguments to defend its policy, arguing that paying ransoms not only emboldens hostage-takers, but also helps finance terrorism. But there's also a political factor for the U.S. government to keep in mind: According to polls, the U.S. public is overwhelmingly against paying ransoms to international terrorists who take Americans hostage. One recent survey conducted by Quinnipiac University found that just 21 percent of Americans were in favor of paying ransoms to terrorists in some circumstances, while 70 percent felt there were no circumstances in which paying ransoms was acceptable. Ten percent of respondents said they didn't know how they felt. The opposition to paying ransoms can be found among all demographics for which Quinnipiac University provides details. Politically, Democrats were less likely than Republicans to be against paying ransoms, though a majority (56 percent) said that the United States should never pay (31 percent said there were some circumstances under which ransoms should be paid). Among Republicans, those figures were 80 percent against and 13 percent in favor. Both men and women were against paying ransoms, though women were less so (61 percent of women and 81 percent of men). Those from military households fit into the broader trend, with 77 percent against paying and 16 percent finding it acceptable in some circumstances. The only group that seems open to paying ransoms are young adults. Forty-one percent of people ages 18-29 say there are some circumstances in which ransoms should be paid, not that far off the number opposing it (46 percent). It's possible that this reflects a changing attitude to ransoms — many older respondents may have had their opinions formed by hostage crises in the 20th century, for example. The finding also may simply reflect the younger generation's tendency to lean Democratic. The Quinnipiac poll was conducted between Nov. 18 and 23, meaning that respondents had had time to think about ransoms after the deaths of James Foley, Steven Sotloff and Abdul-Rahman Kassig (video of Kassig's death was released Nov. 16). This is despite the fact that a variety of prisoners of other nationalities were released by the Islamic State, apparently after the extremist organization received payments — one U.N. expert estimates that the group has received up to $45 million in ransoms. Comparative polling has shown that Europeans are more open to paying ransoms, though they are still generally opposed. The U.S. response fits into a broader history of public opposition to negotiating with terrorists: A September New York Times/CBS poll found that 53 percent of Americans felt that the U.S. government should never negotiate with terrorists in any circumstances, while just 38 percent said they should. Information specific to ransoms is harder to find, but what little there is in polling archives suggests that Americans have been against paying ransoms for a long time. A 1989 Associated Press/Media General poll found 85 percent opposed to the United States paying money to free American hostages being held in Lebanon. In 1980, 76 percent of respondents in a ABC News/Harris poll opposed raising $5 million to free hostages being held in Iran. And way back in 1938, a Gallup poll showed 67 percent of Americans felt it should be against the law for a family to pay ransom to a kidnapper, while 33 percent said no. Scott Clement contributed to this post. 
