   Protesters from All India Students Association (AISA) demonstrate outside the Delhi Police headquarters after a taxi driver from the international cab-booking service Uber allegedly raped a young woman Friday in New Delhi, India, Sunday, Dec. 7, 2014. (AP Photo/Tsering Topgyal)  In the past few years, public safety and sexual assault have become the subjects of fierce debate in New Delhi. After one horrific gang rape led to a girl's death in 2012, the city has gained a damning reputation as India's 'rape capital.' Last week, allegations of a rape by a driver from American ride-sharing company Uber have brought these issues back to public attention. In response, transportation officials in the Indian capital banned the app from operating. But now, according to reports in the Indian press, there's an even more ambitious plan in the works: Public safety drones fitted with night vision thermal imaging cameras to patrol the city. According to DNA India, police sources say they will launch a project to use drones to patrol the district where an executive was assaulted by an Uber driver next month. "With this project, North Delhi will become the first district with complete camera surveillance in Delhi," an unnamed police official explained. "This would be achieved with the combined range of with CCTVs and drones." The drones would fly at a height of over 600 feet, reports say, with each patrolling an area of a few square miles. They would be linked to Quick Response Teams (QRT), which could respond to any incidents. If the pilot plan in North Delhi works, it will be rolled out to other cities, DNA India reports. It's certainly an ambitious plan, and in a world fascinated by the potential uses for drones, it has caused international headlines. But for some in India, there were serious doubts that it would ever come to fruition. After the 2012 gang rape case, New Delhi's police force promised a variety of new initiatives to try to improve public safety in the city. The promises ranged from GPS devices on public transportation to more female officers in police stations. As the Indian publication Scroll recently noted, many of the promises made in 2012 were either not fully fulfilled, or not fulfilled at all. Unmanned aircraft have been used by police forces around the world (including the United States), though few if any police forces have used them on the scale being suggested by New Delhi's. And while drones were used by the police during riots in east Delhi in October, it remains to be seen if this public safety drone plane will actually be a promise the police can keep. 