 A clown on stilts at the Hong Kong government's "National Day Extravaganza" in Victoria Park, on Oct. 1, 2014. (Ishaan Tharoor) HONG KONG -- In Hong Kong, Oct. 1, 2014 may be remembered as the day that saw one of the largest outpourings of dissent in the Chinese territory's history, as tens of thousands massed in pro-democracy protests across some of the city's busiest districts. But according to Hong Kong's government -- attacked by critics for being a Beijing proxy -- it was time to send in the clowns. Let's backtrack, slightly: In the face of this week's massive protests, Hong Kong's administrators had already decided to suspend the annual waterside fireworks display, which usually is the climax of festivities for China's National Day on Oct. 1. The somber flag-raising ceremony that takes place in the morning at Bauhinia Square on Hong Kong's waterfront was this Wednesday swarmed by hundreds of slogan-chanting student protesters. They jeered when two military helicopters, one trailing the red flag of the People's Republic of China beneath it, buzzed overhead. Meanwhile, protesters continued to occupy a vast swath of Hong Kong's most prized urban real estate, areas crowded with gleaming skyscrapers and luxury shopping malls. The sit-ins have so far been entirely peaceful, and distinguished by their orderliness and propriety. But that hardly obscures the gravity of the moment: "It does not matter that this is national day," said Alex Wong, a student protester who had joined the throngs near Bauhinia Square on Wednesday morning. "This is the day of our oppression. We want real freedom." Protesters in Hong Kong mock the city's Chief Executive Leung Chun-ying and demand his resignation. (Ishaan Tharoor/The Washington Post) So it was a bit bewildering to WorldViews when the Hong Kong government sent out a press release later that same day heralding its "National Day Extravaganza," a goofy affair staged on Wednesday in Victoria Park, the site of the city's annual June 4 vigil commemorating the 1989 pro-democracy protests in Beijing's Tiananmen Square. The press released promised quite the show: Programmes will include a variety show, interactive games set up by the 18 districts, clown street performances, traditional art and craft demonstrations, a showcase of achievements of the People's Republic of China, a Hong Kong Nostalgia zone, Sketch HK Youth Painting Day final and exhibitions of winning entries in the National Day Bunting Design Competition. After spending a large chunk of the day among the protesters, WorldViews decided to attend this "extravaganza." Compared to the tumult around it, there was a thin turnout. There were, as the press release had declared, clowns--a few on stilts, others in awkward, boxy suits and some even juggling. The government-organized fair also had bouncy castles, slides and an inflatable pool full of rubber boats for toddlers to navigate. Many of those visiting the event were just local passers-by, as well as those from the legion of Indonesian domestic workers who tend to congregate in Victoria Park on public holidays. But it was not short of political overtones. Balloons floated idly by, celebrating the 65th anniversary of the Communist victory in China's civil war and the founding of the People's Republic. Very few inside the park sported the yellow ribbons of the pro-democracy movement, which now are ubiquitous throughout the city. A gaggle of mostly elderly people, waving Chinese flags, posed for cameras. The organizers arranged a clusters of red flags in the heart of the park. A juggler at the Hong Kong government "extravaganza" performs in front of Chinese flags, Oct. 1, 2014. (Ishaan Tharoor/The Washington Post) At booths, visitors lined up to see who could  assemble a jigsaw puzzle fastest -- when put together, it showed a picture of Tiananmen gate in Beijing, which bears an iconic portrait of Chairman Mao. The Tianannmen jigsaw puzzle. (Ishaan Tharoor/The Washington Post) The protests, and Hong Kong's simmering struggle for democracy, seemed a world away. "On a day like this, we should all come together, we are all Chinese," said Harris Wong, who showed up in Victoria Park clad in a shirt emblazoned with the Chinese flag. "Beijing will give us democracy in its own way." Another man, whose said his surname was Kwok, was a bit more derisive. "Those kids protesting are spoiled and don't know how lucky they are. They'll get tired and everything will go back to normal," he said. But the kids show no sign of backing down on Wednesday. Just two blocks away from Victoria Park, in the popular shopping district of Causeway Bay, whole streets were locked down by students preparing for a long sit-in through the night. Protesters camp out in Causeway Bay, Oct. 1, 2014. (Ishaan Tharoor/The Washington Post) "China should look to us," said Cynthia Cheung, a 35-year-old hospital worker among those gathered near Bauhinia Square on Wednesday morning who spoke boldly of the example being set by Hong Kong's protesters. "We should not look to them."
