   Cuban students march in a street of Havana on Wednesday after Washington released three Cuban spies, who had been in a U.S. prison since 2001. (ROBERTO MOREJON/AFP/Getty Images)  The deal hatched between the Obama administration and Raul Castro's government is big and historic. It opens the way for the revival of formal ties between the United States and Cuba and a deeper rapprochement after a 53-year-long Cold War freeze. And it raises parallels to other thorny diplomatic imbroglios pitting the United States against a longstanding foe. The comparison on everyone's mind was Iran. After all, much of the groundwork toward the Cuban deal was laid in clandestine talks that took place roughly around the same time the Obama administration was meeting Iranian officials secretly over Tehran's nuclear program. The situations may be analogous, but they're hardly identical. The much-maligned U.S. embargo on Cuba is a unilateral act, condemned every year by the United Nations and undermined by the simple fact that myriad other countries, including those in the European Union, have no problem doing business with the Caribbean nation. The rounds of sanctions placed on Iran, meanwhile, are coordinated and have the support of the U.N. Security Council. But there's a common line to be drawn: rapprochement in both cases, advocates argue, would do more good for U.S. interests on the ground than maintaining the frosty, hostile status quo. So many Iranians watched developments with interest this week. Negar Mortazavi, an Iranian-American journalist, has collected a range of Iranian reactions to the Cuban deal and posted them on her Twitter page. These include Iranians living both in Iran and overseas; their messages vary from translations of social media posts to excerpts of longer conversations in chat rooms and other online forums. Mortazavi readily admits that she's drawing from a particular community of largely young Iranians with online savvy. But their comments reflect a widespread interest in the Cuba deal, given its obvious implications for the Obama administration's subsequent wranglings with Tehran. A sampling of the comments are posted below. You can find more at Mortazavi's Twitter page. 'Cuba today... Iran tomorrow' Iranian-American PhD student pic.twitter.com/AjDyTIZcOA — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014 'Can one day Obama quickly announce the news, like today, that US embassy will open in Iran?' @fame670205 asdsd — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014   'Wishful thinking. What US and Cuba have is a common denominator. There is no such thing between US and Iran.' @ali_srad — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014     'US-Cuba shows that Obama is willing to bridge huge gaps. It also shows political relations and economic ties work together.' @adadpay — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014   'US-Cuba is a start for US-Iran. Many of today's political allies used to be enemies one day.' @Aragol7 — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014   'We do the negotiations, we put options on the table, then Cuba & Fidel get to enjoy the fun!' @islamizad — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014 'Obama wants a legacy of solving foreign issues. A good sign of political maturity...' Shervan - Canada pic.twitter.com/qhWlR9B0QG — Negar نگار (@NegarMortazavi) December 18, 2014