 North Korean leader Kim Jong Un smiles as he meets athletes who won gold medals at the 17th Asian Games and recent world championships alongside their coaches in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) in Pyongyang October 19, 2014. (REUTERS/KCNA) Conspiracy theorists disappointed with the reappearance of Kim Jong Un earlier this month can breathe a sigh of relief. North Korea has provided new fodder for unchecked speculation, wild rumors and frenzied tea-leaf reading. Citing fears about the spread of Ebola, the world’s most closed state abruptly told Western travel agencies Thursday that it would not allow foreign tourists to enter, starting on Friday. Never mind that it’s 8,261 miles from Monrovia to Pyongyang. Never mind that North Korea is hardly a major tourist destination. And never mind that no other country in the world has sealed its borders in response to the outbreak of the virus. Some things in North Korea simply defy logic. (Well, most things, in fact.) “We have just been informed by our partners in North Korea that tomorrow North Korea will stop accepting international tourists due to the threat of the Ebola virus, effectively closing its borders,” Koryo Tours, a British-run, Beijing-based tourism agency, posted on its Facebook page Thursday night. (function(d,s,id){var js,fjs=d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];if(d.getElementById(id)){return}js=d.createElement(s);js.id=id;js.src="//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1";fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js,fjs)}(document,"script","facebook-jssdk")); Post by Koryo Tours. Young Pioneer Tours, another tourism agency, said on its Web site that the suspension was “a strict measure of protection against the recent Ebola outbreak in the world.” The real question: Is this really about Ebola? Or is it really about something else? Such drastic action is not without precedent. In 2003, North Korea closed its borders in response to the SARS virus. But at least SARS was in Beijing, the source of the vast majority of flights into North Korea. This time, the outbreak is on the other side of the world, making Pyongyang’s declaration seem a little bit like, well, overkill. Details remained sketchy on Thursday night. It was not clear whether Chinese tourists -- who make up the biggest proportion of foreign visitors to North Korea, by far -- would be banned from entering the country. Nor was it clear whether this extended beyond tourists. “As far as we know, this only applies to tourists, and not to those involved with trade or other wider activities, such as diplomacy, who will be able to travel in and out of the DPRK as per usual,” said Nick Bonner, one of the founders of Koryo Tours, referring to the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, as the country is officially called. The agency is now trying to show the North Korean authorities that its tourists have not been traveling in Ebola-affected areas, he said. Adding to the confusion, Andrea Lee of Uri Tours, another agency that takes Westerners to North Korea, said it had been advised simply that travelers who have traveled in Africa -- the whole continent, apparently -- must present an Ebola clearance certificate, while those who haven’t been to the continent would have to submit a written statement to that effect. Uri Tours has people traveling in North Korea right now, while the next batch of Koryo tourists was due to take off on Saturday. This sudden news is sure to set off a firestorm of conjecture about North Korea’s true motivations. Several people working with North Korea’s tourism industry said they believed the decision to be genuinely motivated by fears about the virus that has rampaged through Liberia. But, coming so soon after Kim Jong Un’s extended disappearance -- attributed during his absence to everything from overconsumption of cheese to a military coup -- it’s bound to spark talk of internal troubles. So sit back and wait for the theories to roll in.  
