It was a tough year for global events. From serious conflicts in Syria and Ukraine to the Ebola outbreak and the apparent destruction of not one but two Malaysia Air passenger planes, it sometimes felt like the world was bouncing from one horror to the other, never quite able to comprehend any of them. It was also, however, a year where the world's leaders frequently found themselves in absurd, awkward situations. These situations were often photographed. And thankfully in the modern media world, these images spread. Over a tough year, awkward photographs of world leaders have provided levity. As such, we think its time to look back back at them. Here's 2014, as told by awkward photographs of world leaders. (Please note: This post has been updated with reader suggestions at the end.) 1. Putin awkwardly rubbing Obama's back    Russian President Vladimir Putin (R) pats President Obama on the back as they arrive at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Summit plenary session at the International Convention Center in Beijing on Nov. 11, 2014.  ALEXEY DRUZHININ/AFP/Getty Images  November's APEC meeting was awkward for a whole variety of reasons, and it led to a whole smorgasbord of awkward world leader photographs. Perhaps none was quite as ridiculous as that moment when Russian President Vladimir Putin patted President Obama on the back. The two had been at loggerheads over the situation in Ukraine for the best part of the year and U.S.-led sanctions were beginning to show their effects. Was Putin attempting to show he was the alpha male here? Full video of the moment paints a more complicated picture, with Putin's tap on the back perhaps seeming more friendly than the picture shows. Given the pain inflicted on the Russian economy this week, maybe he knew that things were about to take a turn for the worse. 2. David Cameron on the phone   I've been speaking to @BarackObama about the situation in Ukraine. We are united in condemnation of Russia's actions. pic.twitter.com/7Rk2k8iOIK — David Cameron (@David_Cameron) March 5, 2014  The Ukraine crisis made things awkward for a lot of people. For instance, when British Prime Minister David Cameron tried to show he was a part of the situation by tweeting a picture of him on the phone, he was widely mocked. Not only was it seen as a rather desperate attempt to prove the "special relationship" with the United States was still there, it looked a little silly given how the British government had courted Russian oligarchs. See also:   .@David_Cameron @BarackObama Hi guys, I'm on the line now too. Get me up to speed. pic.twitter.com/xhmJG5KpxT — rob delaney (@robdelaney) March 5, 2014    .@robdelaney @David_Cameron @BarackObama I'm now patched in as well. Sorry for the delay. pic.twitter.com/elLQcKcV3w — Patrick Stewart (@SirPatStew) March 5, 2014    @hrtbps pic.twitter.com/CdXxHJjxnp — El Nombre (@lukebushnellwye) March 5, 2014  3. That time the Swiss president was greeted with a Danish flag in Ukraine    Switzerland's Federal President Didier Burkhalter (L), chairman of the the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), shakes hands with Ukraine's Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk (R) during Burkhalter's visit in Kiev on April 14, 2014. EPA/PETER KLAUNZER  When Swiss President Didier Burkhalter, acting head of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), traveled to Kiev for a meeting in Paril, he was greeted by an unexpected sight: The Danish flag. The Swiss press wasn't too pleased: The newspaper Aargauer Zeitung wrote that the flag mix-up was "Peinlich" (embarrassing), while Basler Zeitung wrote that Burkhalter had been greeted with a "false flag." 4. The uncomfortable body language of John Kerry and Sergei Lavrov    Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov (L) and U.S. Secretary of State John F. Kerry stand together before a meeting at Winfield House in London on March 14, 2014. BRENDAN SMIALOWSKI/AFP/Getty Images  Back in the first quarter of the year, the Russian annexation of Crimea led to lots of talks for top-level Russian and U.S. leaders in a variety of locations. Judging from the pictures, these meetings swiftly became uncomfortable. Here, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov and Secretary of State John F. Kerry are shown in London back in March. It doesn't look friendly. See also:   Lavrov and Kerry. Hope they will be back pic.twitter.com/ZXDFNSCzhE — MFA Russia (@mfa_russia) March 14, 2014    Break is over. Match continues. pic.twitter.com/C3Dmf4rq2D — MFA Russia (@mfa_russia) March 14, 2014  5. Xi and Abe's uncontainable excitement at finally meeting    Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, left, and China's President Xi Jinping, right, shake hands during their meeting at the Great Hall of the People, on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit, in Beijing, Monday, Nov. 10, 2014. (AP Photo/Kim Kyung-Hoon, Pool)  Some world leaders made friends in 2014. The APEC summit was, for instance, the first time that Chinese President Xi Jinping and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe met on official terms. However, their grumpy demeanor suggests that perhaps their meeting, like China-Japan relations on the whole, was a little frosty. 6. Hollande's trip to Kazakhstan   Kazakhstan: François Hollande n'échappe pas à la chapka http://t.co/toSxIlzjnK pic.twitter.com/1f6LjmGDMx — 20 Minutes (@20Minutes) December 6, 2014  French President Francois Hollande was also making friends during a trip to Kazakhstan in December. However, after President Nursultan Nazarbayev posted a picture of him in traditional Kazakh clothing on his Instagram, the trip went viral. Given that Hollande has, over the course of 2014, become the least popular French leader of all time (around 13 percent approval ratings in November), it wasn't a good look. See also:   Chapka ! Le costume kazakh porté par François #Hollande fâche le President et amuse twitter ! http://t.co/08LPRqsVMx pic.twitter.com/cLzN7gjOrE — Ulysse Paris (@ulyssepariser) December 7, 2014  7. Abbott and Abe show off their boots   PM Abe wearing his gift from Australia - RM Williams boots. Both proud to be wearing them today #RMs pic.twitter.com/fxjyrSNNQz — Tony Abbott (@TonyAbbottMHR) July 9, 2014  Japan's Abe also found time to go hang out with Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott in Australia, where they visited Rio Tinto's West Angelas mine. Ostensibly, the visit was to underscore the importance of Australian iron ore for Japan, but it ended up making headlines for another reason: A "cringe-worthy" photo tweeted by Abbott designed to show off the pair's Australian-made RM Williams boots. 8. Modi's warm welcome in Australia   Amazing welcome in Sydney. Glad to be here. pic.twitter.com/6sv2kmz8dh — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) November 17, 2014  The Indian prime minister was in Australia in November, marking what he later described as a new era in relations between the two nations, following a 2009 period which saw Indian students in Australia being attacked. Modi was given a lavish welcome by Australia, including a performance from aboriginal dancers which he later said was "amazing." 9. Putin's bromance with Sissi ...    Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) and Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi listen to explanations during their visit to the Black Sea Fleet's guards missile cruiser Moskva in the sea port of Sochi on August 12, 2014 during the Egyptian leader's first official visit to Russia. ALEXEI DRUZHININ/AFP/Getty Images  Putin, despite isolation in the West, made some new friends too. For instance, when new Egyptian President Abdel Fatah al-Sissi came to visit Sochi, Russia, in August, they wore matching sunglasses and ties. 10 ... and Erdogan ...    Russia's President Vladimir Putin (R) and Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan review a guard of honor during a welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Ankara, Dec. 1, 2014. REUTERS/Umit Bektas  Then at the start of December, as things took a turn for the worst, he went and hung out with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan – a man who often appears to be following his blueprint. 11. .... and Modi.    Russian President Vladimir Putin (L) meets with Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi at Hyderabad House in New Delhi on Dec. 11, 2014.  FINDLAY KEMBER/AFP/Getty Images  Putin's burgeoning relationship with the Indian prime minister may be the most telling of the Russian prime minister's bromances: As The Post's Annie Gowen notes, Modi may well hold the power in this relationship. 12. Merkel laughing    German Chancellor Angela Merkel, laughs while talking to Finland's President Sauli Niinisto, right, as they attend an informal plenary session on the last day of the Nuclear Security Summit (NSS) in The Hague, Netherlands, Tuesday, March 25, 2014. (AP Photo/Bart Maat, POOL)  One of the few world leaders to have a pretty good 2014 was German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who became the longest serving head of government in the European Union and was called the most powerful woman in the world by Forbes magazine. And, despite the somewhat dour portrait of her painted by a lengthy New Yorker profile, she evidently had reason to laugh. 13. Kim Jong Un's triumphant return   At last, a new bizarre Kim Jong Un photo pic.twitter.com/Id13EESvYT — Adam Taylor (@mradamtaylor) October 27, 2014  For the first part of the year, the North Korean leader was up to his usual tricks: Visiting lubrication factories or riding in antique submarines, for example. Then, as summer came to an end, something weird happened. Kim disappeared from public view. Wild theories began to spring up, including but not limited to some kind of coup or a cheese addiction. It was an international mystery. Soon, however, he reappeared, better than ever. And with a propaganda photograph of him touring an orphanage, he was back to his bizarre ways. Kim's bizarre disappearance and return was, yet again, another sign of just how little we know about North Korea. And with Wednesday's announcement that the U.S. government believes Pyongyang was behind a hack on Sony Pictures with dramatic consequences, that may be a problem. 14. Pope Francis and his pellegrina    Pope Francis' face becomes covered by his pellegrina during a gust of wind as he leads the weekly general audience in Saint Peter's Square, Vatican City, on Nov. 5, 2014. EPA/CLAUDIO PERI  Merkel may have had a good year, but there was probably no world leader more beloved on earth this year than Pope Francis. As if to prove that he ruled 2014, he even played a key role in talks to normalize relations between the United States and Cuba. If there was one thing that the pope could not win over in 2014, however, it was his pellegrina, which repeatedly refused to stay put on several occasions this year. See also:    BONUS: Some suggestions from readers for awkward moments we missed. That time former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad went to visit Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in hospital     Khameni News via YouTube  When Khameni was in the hospital, he had a visit from an apparently unwelcome guest. As WorldViews noted at the time, it appeared to be a rare visible sign of Iran's ever-fractious politics. The Nigerian president's poor choice for a campaign slogan.     Jonathan Goodluck's apparent decision to co-opt the #BringBackOurGirls movement for his own reelection slogan soon backfired. An extremely awkward handshake between Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe and Chinese Premier Li Kequing    Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe, left, and Chinese Premier Li Keqiang pose for photographers prior to their meeting at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing Tuesday, Aug. 26, 2014. (AP Photo/Diego Azubel, Pool)  Mugabve is just one African leader being courted by the Chinese government, but his handshake may well be the most awkward. When Modi read a pamphlet during a speech by his Pakistani counterpart    Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif walks past Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the 18th summit of the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) in Katmandu, Nepal, Wednesday, Nov. 26, 2014. (AP Photo/Narendra Shrestha, Pool)  The awkward interaction between the Indian prime minister and Pakistan's Nawaz Sharif in November was noted by NDTV at the time: First, Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif totally ignored his Indian counterpart Narendra Modi after entering the podium to take his seat. He did not look at Mr Modi and proceeded straight to his seat. When it was time for Mr Sharif's address and other leaders greeted him with applause, PM Modi was seen busy reading a booklet on SAARC. When French President Francois Hollande looked the wrong way   Watching the NATO video reminding me of the president Hollande moment #natoflyover #newportsummit pic.twitter.com/qGTiRA5sHH — Ieuan Berry (@Ieuanb123) November 7, 2014  During the NATO summit in Wales in September, Hollande seemed to miss the planes during a fly-past. Given Hollande's other problems this year, sight of him looking the one way while his peers looked another seemed grimly symbolic. Russian President Vladimir Putin draping his coat over China's first lady    While there were few good photographs of this moment, it seems appropriate to include video of what was no doubt the most awkward act by a world leader in 2014: A moment of gallantry from the Russian president that sent China's state censors into overdrive.