   Indian Bollywood film actors Arjun Kapoor and Deepika Padukone attend a promotion of the English/Hindi film 'Finding Fanny' in Mumbai.  One of Bollywood's leading actresses was all the buzz this weekend when a leading Indian newspaper tweeted a story, not about her just-released film or even gossip, but about her cleavage. The tweet, which refers to a photo of a dress she wore at a trailer launch for one of her movies last year, said: 'OMG: Deepika Padukone's cleavage show!'  The usually diplomatic actress didn't let this slide and sent three powerful tweets condemning the newspaper. Supposedly India's 'LEADING' newspaper and this is 'NEWS'!!?? pic.twitter.com/D3wiVVXuyM — Finding Fanny (@deepikapadukone) September 14, 2014 She followed by tweeting, "YES!I am a Woman.I have breasts AND a cleavage! You got a problem!!??" and "Dont talk about Woman's Empowerment when YOU don't know how to RESPECT Women!"  The Times of India replied to Padukone's tweet and said it was meant as a compliment -- "You look so great that we want to make sure everyone knew! :)."  This reply only fueled the argument further. Padukone's opinions quickly circulated on social media, and on Sunday night and Monday morning, #IstandbyDeepikaPadukone was a top Twitter trend in India. The cleavage debate Padukone, a swimsuit model before launching a film career,  is a leading actress in Bollywood. According to the Indian Express, the newspaper had used this photo of her at least twice before. The Times of India has since deleted both the tweet and the latest article, but it hasn't removed all the earlier ones — here's a story from June titled "OMG: Deepika Padukone exposes cleavage!" There was a time when an actress's revealing photos may have been news. Leading female protagonists in Bollywood films would remain more or less chaste, and any sort of sensual performance would be left to either guest appearances or women who were typecast into playing vamps. In the 1990s, things changed with the arrival of popular actress Madhuri Dixit. In 1993, she performed in two very sensuous songs — "Dhak Dhak" and "Choli ke Peeche." The songs went on to become huge hits, silencing most critics, and Dixit is considered one of the most beloved Indian actresses to date. The cleavage debate had been settled. Today, actresses such as Sunny Leone, a former adult film star, are primarily known for their sultry performances, yet aren't typecast or pushed aside for supporting roles. Although Padukone doesn't hesitate to show some skin, her modeling and outfits generally pale in comparison. A different kind of outrage Last year, Padukone's wardrobe was a source of controversy, but for a different reason. Her 2013 film "Ram Leela" had to change its name because of a reference to a Hindu god. The film allegedly "hurt the religious sentiments of Hindus as it contains sex, violence and vulgarity." Padukone's revealing outfits were cited as one of the reasons for the offense to Hindus. Still, she went on to win a best actress award for the movie. Gone is the era of the soft-spoken female figure in Indian film. In the battle with the Times of India, it looks as if the actress has won, and perhaps Indian women are winning, as well.