In the struggle to win hearts and minds from the Islamic State, much of the focus has been on the online battle: Extremists and their supporters have taken to mediums like Twitter and YouTube to spread their message, a relatively new and worrying tactic for terrorists and one that is tough to counter. One counter-strategy has come from the State Department, who set up English-language Twitter and Facebook accounts called Think Again Turn Away. They have been used in the last year to promote anti-terrorism messages (accounts that spread messages in Arabic and Urdu have been around before). The Twitter account has managed an impressive 2,500 posts since then, garnering a slightly less impressive 12,500 followers. However, a stray re-tweet from the account shows just how delicate these social media battles can be. On Wednesday afternoon, the Think Again Turn Away Twitter account retweeted a message from a user called Sultan Leith Fadel, who tweets under the handle @KeepingtheLeith. The account commemorated a solider who had recently died fighting Islamic State.   Cpl. Bashar Ri'ad 'Abdel-Rahman Al-Daleewi was martyred at Sakr Island after storming ISIS positions. RIP, hero. pic.twitter.com/lKmP3bUnbv — ISIS is Khara (@KeepingtheLeith) October 21, 2014  The problem was that the soldier labeled a "hero" was a Syrian army soldier. Fadel, whose profile says he is based in Lebanon and works as the editor of a website called Al-Masdar Al-'Arabi, has frequently posted messages supportive of Bashar al-Assad's Syrian regime, alongside incredibly gruesome photographs of dead and mutilated fighters from the Islamic State. It's an awkward retweet for the U.S. government – there has been much speculation from moderate anti-regime Syrians that the U.S. may begin (or even, has already) to support the Assad regime in a bid to counter Islamic State. The U.S. government has denied that possibility and Think Again Turn Away's retweet appears to have been a mistake. It was subsequently deleted – but not before people noticed. Many took the retweet as an endorsement, or at least a sign of incompetence.   Where US State Department propaganda account @ThinkAgain_DOS sympathetically retweets pro-Assad propaganda pic.twitter.com/sfhAwdYDjl — Shami Witness (@ShamiWitness) October 22, 2014    State department account RT pro Assad regime famboy eulogy of a regime officer killed by the IS in Deir Ezzur. pic.twitter.com/odmlldOtQg — Marwan (@BaniHillal) October 22, 2014    . @ThinkAgain_DOS care to explain? pic.twitter.com/nDv2o8YQtk — The 47th (@THE_47th) October 22, 2014  In one stray retweet, the account seemed to have provoked more reaction than it had seen in days. The Think Again Turn Away account is run by the State Department's Center for Strategic Counterterrorism Communications. Established in 2011, the CSCC states that its mission is to "counter terrorist propaganda and misinformation about the United States across a wide variety of interactive digital environments that had previously been ceded to extremists." However, some analysts have questioned the logic of that mission, which is reported to cost the State Department $6 million. Rita Katz, director of the SITE Intelligence Group, wrote in an article for Time Magazine that the tactic of arguing with jihadist accounts only gives the jihadists a larger platform and runs the risk of muddying their own message. Katz wrote: Had the people behind Think Again Turn Away understood jihadists’ mindsets and reasons for their behavior, they would have known that their project of counter messaging would not only be a waste of taxpayer money, but ultimately be counterproductive. WorldViews has reached out to the State Department about the retweet and will update if and when they respond.