   Members of Burkina Faso's National Transitional Council attend the opening of the parliamentary session in Ouagadougou on Dec. 22, 2014.  (Yempabou Ahmed Ouoba/Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)  Members of Burkina Faso's interim legislature have agreed to give themselves a 50 percent pay cut. According to the Reuters news agency, the African nation's officials will now receive 880,000 CFA francs ($1,580) per month instead of 1.7 million CFA francs ($3,000). The decision means that members of the National Transitional Council (CNT) will receive a salary of about $19,000 a year, rather than $32,000. Seen from the point of view of a country where politicians will not infrequently complain that the six-figure salaries they make aren't high enough, those of Burkina Faso's lawmakers might seem reasonable, or even low. But everything is relative, and in Burkina Faso, a country with a GDP per capita of $680, a salary of $32,000 means a lavish laifestyle. Officials from the CNT were earning more than 52 times the country's GDP per capita before they slashed their own wages. Under the new plan, their pay will be 27 times as high. There's a logic to paying politicians higher-than-average wages, of course: You want to attract the ablest minds, and many candidates would probably go into private enterprise if they weren't paid enough. But there can also be a problem if elected officials are put in charge of their own salaries. In 2013, when a salary increase was proposed for British lawmakers despite wages stagnating in the real economy, the Economist compiled salaries of politicians all around the world. It found that in all countries listed, lawmakers earned more than the GDP per capita. In Britain, politicians earned more than twice the GDP per capita. In the United States, it was closer to four times. In Italy, where politicians were earning $182,000 a year, it was more than five times as high. Among the nations surveyed by the Economist, however, those in sub-Saharan Africa really stood out. In Ghana, politicians' salaries were almost 30 times the GDP per capita. In Kenya, they were 76 times as high (salaries have since been cut). Nigeria, where politician's salaries were almost $190,000, topped the list: The politicians were earning 116 times the GDP per capita (this has probably changed because of the shift in how Nigeria measured its GDP last year). It's rare for lawmakers to lower their own salaries to the degree that Burkina Faso's did. However, the country's circumstances are unusual. In 2014, mass protests led to the ouster of President Blaise Compaoré, who had spent almost three decades in power. Now, the CNT is in the process of creating a new government. Although the salary cuts have been mostly welcomed, some activists have argued that they don't go far enough, especially considering that the lawmakers can claim expenses and are paid extra for their attendance. According to the BBC, one group, the Coalition Against Costly Life, has said that less than $10,800 a year should be enough for Burkina Faso's lawmakers.