In Syria right now, the United States in participation with other countries is bombing select Islamic State sites, forces loyal to President Bashar al-Assad are continuing to shell towns, and tens of thousands of Syrians are fleeing to neighboring Turkey. Here are images from just one day in Syria: Sept. 24, 2014. U.S. airstrikes On Wednesday, Syrians came out to survey the damage caused by airstrikes carried out by the U.S. military in partnership with other nations the day before. The United States said it was targeting Islamic State, as well as other militant groups’ sites. This is the damage left over from buildings in the Idlib province. (Ammar Abdullah/Reuters) Idlib province is a stronghold of the Islamic State. Earlier reports by Syrian activists suggested at least 11 civilians, including four children, were killed in the airstrikes. (Ammar Abdullah/Reuters) Meanwhile Wednesday, airstrikes were carried out against oil refineries in eastern Syria. Here is an image of the Gbiebe Modular Oil Refinery that was controlled by militants. The bombardment was part of a strategy to cut off financing and fuel for the Islamic State. (Defense Department) Assad's bombardments Forces loyal to the Assad regime continued to attack cities held by rebel factions as the three-year-long deadly conflict continues. According to United Nations estimates, at least 191,000 people have been killed in the fighting so far. Children stood in a makeshift hospital in Doma, located northeast of Damascus, in the aftermath of airstrikes from government forces. (Abd Doumany/AFP/Getty Images) An injured man was carried after attacks in Douma by Assad's forces. (Bassam Khabieh/Reuters) In Aleppo, Alaa, an ambulance driver buys $4 of meat every day to feed about 150 stray cats who were abandoned due to shelling from the Assad regime, according to activists in the region. (Hosam Katan/Reuters) The refugee crisis on the Syria-Turkey border In the week before, more than 150,000 Syrian Kurds fled to the Turkish border amid the Islamic State's attempts to capture a Syrian Kurdish stronghold, Kobane. The flood of refugees did not abate Wednesday, but some arrived to find Turkey had closed its border checkpoints. A Syrian Kuridsh woman wiped tears in the midst of a sandstorm that hit the border region. (Bulent Kilic/AFP) The conditions Syrian Kurds faced from the Islamic State were brutal as the militants see Kurds as apostates. But Turkey has also had issues with the Kurds, as separatists in that country have carried out insurrections. (Sedat Suna/EPA) And Turkey already holds the largest displaced Syrian population, estimated to be about 1.5 million. (Ulas Yunus Tosan/EPA) Read more:  Secret video shows what life is like inside the heartland of the Islamic State The strange story behind the ‘Khorasan’ group’s name U.A.E.’s first female fighter pilot dropped bombs on the Islamic State
