   A man walks past a currency exchange office along the Boulevard Ring in downtown Moscow on Dec. 24. (Alexander Zemlianichenko/Associated Press)  MOSCOW — The Russian ruble is slumping again, all but erasing gains made through extraordinary spending measures in late December and reminding the country that hard times are likely to continue into the new year. Chapter and verse have been written about how historically low oil prices, coupled with economic sanctions over Ukraine, have created the roughest economic storm Russia has experienced in years. But what have the real stakes of this crisis been for real Russians? If a Russian went to sleep about a year ago, say around the time the country was basking in the glow of the Sochi Winter Olympics, and woke up, Rip Van Winkle style, today, how much would have changed? Well, that’s kind of what happened with Russia’s best-known opposition activist, Alexei Navalny. In February – after the Sochi Olympics and before Russia annexed Crimea – Navalny, a noted anti-corruption crusader who led mass protests against Putin in 2011 and 2012, was put under house arrest. On Tuesday, he defied his house arrest order, venturing out to buy milk. It’s not the first time that Navalny has flouted the terms of his house arrest. Last week, on the same day that a Moscow court gave him a 3½-year suspended sentence for embezzlement charges widely seen as politically motivated and threw his brother in jail for the same crime, Navalny made his way to a protest outside the Kremlin, participating only briefly before he was detained and returned home. Yesterday, he cut off his monitoring bracelet and wrote about it on his blog. When he ventured out for groceries Tuesday, Navalny seemed prepared for the three people who accosted him on his short journey, telling him “go back immediately,” as Navalny reported on his Web site. But nothing, apparently, could prepare him for the sticker shock when he saw the price for a liter of milk. “What a price for milk!” Navalny wrote on his Web site. “75 rubles. The last time before this, I bought it for 45 rubles.” Considering the term of his house arrest, the last time Navalny bought milk — assuming he occasionally picked it up himself and didn’t just leave that task to his wife or aides – was more than 10 months ago. In dollar terms, 45 rubles in February and 75 rubles today are both about $1.25. But for Russians who haven't seen their incomes in rubles rise as the value of the currency falls, the steep price hikes can hurt. Ever the Kremlin critic, Navalny did not let his revelation go without some pointed commentary on the government — which, as he said during the closing arguments of his trial last month, offers the people nothing but “lies, literally about everything.” “They should have tours of our store for officials of the Ministry of Economic Development, who say inflation is about 10-11 percent,” Navalny wrote on his Web  site Tuesday. 