   A picture made available on Nov. 4, 2014, shows medical workers in protective suits working in the patient area of an Ebola treatment center in Conakry, Guinea, Oct. 13, 2014. EPA/KIRSTIN PALITZA  In Guinea, the West African nation where more than 1,000 people have died from the worst Ebola outbreak yet, local officials from a troubled village are now reported to be on hunger strike in the capital. According to the BBC, at least 20 officials from the southern village of Wome have been camping outside Guinea's parliament in Conakry since the strike began. They are wearing white polo shirts with the slogan "Démilitarisez Womey" and calling for the end to what they describe as a military occupation of their village, Guinean media report. Wome's predicament highlights some of the broader problems being created by Ebola's medical emergency. The village, located in Guinea's southeastern forestière region of wooded mountains, became a focal point for international attention in September when eight people who had been distributing information about Ebola, including several Guinean health workers and three journalists, were found dead days after they were attacked in the village. A spokesman for Guinea's government explained that the bodies were found in a septic tank by an elementary school; three of them had their throats slit. The murder of people working to spread information about Ebola caused widespread concern. Researchers have identified the latest Ebola outbreak's ground zero patient as a toddler in a different Guinea forestière village, and poor education about Ebola risks is a factor that has enabled the virus to spread. Attempts by health workers to disseminate information about hand washing and water sanitation sometimes led to confrontations with locals, however. In the city of Nzerekore, 30 miles from Wome, there were accounts of a riot in August after some became convinced that health workers had come to spread the disease rather than prevent it. The BBC reports that crowds were shouting, "Ebola is a lie!" As The Post's Abby Phillip reports, villagers in the isolated, resource-rich and ethnically diverse forestière region had often settled their own affairs and viewed the central government with suspicion. When Ebola arrived, "bringing with it health workers in terrifying moon suits and outsiders, including foreigners, spraying unfamiliar substances," things got worse, Phillip writes. A number of people have been arrested in relation to the murders in Wome, and the Guinean government subsequently canceled its Ebola education plan in the country's southeast. The hunger strike is an unexpected consequence, however: Local officials say that the military has taken over the village, prompting as many as 6,000 people to escape into the forest out of fear of reprisals. And Faya Millimono, leader of the opposition Liberal Party, told the BBC that 13 people had died because of the conditions.