     A hound of Tehran. (AFP/Getty)  What do neckties, rappers, Barbie and pet dogs have in common? For some arch-conservatives in Iran, they are all elements of a Western cultural invasion that needs to be confronted. “The biggest and most constant threat” to the country was how Iran’s deputy defense minister, Brig. Gen. Hossein Dehqan, characterized it in an impassioned speech earlier this year to denounce Western ways. The latest swipe came last week. A group of hard-line lawmakers proposed a punishment of 74 lashes and fines up to $2,600 for publicly displaying certain pets, according to the reformist newspaper Shargh. They mentioned monkeys or other animals. But the proposal is clearly aimed at dogs — still very rare as pets in Iran, but increasingly appearing as a sort of badge of sophistication among a certain crowd of liberal leaners. The proposal — backed by a relative handful of lawmakers, according to news reports — is unlikely to pass in its current form. But it’s an instructive study in Iran’s never-ending identity crises. In the years after the 1979 Islamic revolution, the opponents of Western influence — "Westoxification’’ in the parlance of Iranian leaders — had the upper hand. The enforcers of the new order had almost unchallenged authority to quash anything seen as favoring the Great Satan in Washington and its allies. (Except maybe the pre-revolution Lincolns, Cadillacs and other Detroit imports that were simply too cool to destroy.) Gradually, however, the barriers began to fracture. Music cassettes of Western bands and VCR tapes of Hollywood movies appeared in the 1980s. Then came satellite dishes. Burger joints, pizza places, jeans. The Internet. Mani-pedis. Now, the latest smartphones and tablets are routed through third countries to skirt U.S. economic sanctions. A popular Tehran fast-food place — essentially a clone of Hardee's — used to play American cartoons on an endless video loop. On the Web, an on again-off again Instagram account — called Rich Kids of Tehran — purports to showcase a slice of the capital as blinged out as any Kardashian. Meanwhile, the current government of President Hassan Rouhani reads like a Western alumni guide. Rouhani studied in Scotland. A top policy adviser, Mahmoud Vaezi, has degrees from colleges in California and started his doctorate at Louisiana State University. Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, who went to San Francisco State University and the University of Denver, tweets about everything from the ongoing nuclear talks to his aching back. Conservatives know they cannot turn back the clock. So they pick their battles. The latest appears to be dogs, which are often viewed in the Muslim world as unclean and unfit as pets. Still, it’s not uncommon in posh north Tehran to see a cockapoo on a leash. Many Iranians take the boundary-pushing and backlash in stride. They have seen other crackdowns before. They know hard-liners will soon find another trend to target, and the canine-curbing campaign will probably fade. They remember the past sweeps against Barbies, which was confiscated from toy store shelves for a while but later returned as a kind of under-the-counter item. After the Islamic revolution, any man seen wearing a tie was at risk of being harassed. Now, ties are an unusual — but not vilified — fashion accessory. Makeup, nail polish, head scarves, music, pony tails on men and women smoking traditional water pipes have, at various times and to varying degrees, been the subject of ire from hard-liners. Undoubtedly, though, the Internet is the premier example of Iran’s social push and pull. Nearly every attempt by authorities to clamp down on the Web has been foiled by hackers and others in one of the most tech-savvy cultures in the Middle East. Iran’s Web minders haven’t given up trying to control content. But they also have realized that it makes no sense to ignore the power of cyberspace. A Twitter account thought to be sanctioned by Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran's supreme leader, has included his condemnations of the West, but also his musings about his boyhood and how he tried to persuade his tradition-minded father to let him join a gym.