   Two Palestinian men allegedly killed four people with axes and knives inside a synagogue in Jerusalem early Tuesday, before police shot them dead. The attack happened in an ultra-Orthodox neighborhood of West Jerusalem. (Reuters)   Two men attacked a synagogue in a Jerusalem neighborhood early Tuesday, resulting in the death of four worshippers and the wounding of several others before the police killed them. Here is what we know: Grief and anger outside synagogue in west #jerusalem pic.twitter.com/QZUnxYALRp — Stefanie Dekker (@StefanieDekker) November 18, 2014 The attack was one of the deadliest in Jerusalem in recent years.  Tensions have been flaring over the contested sacred site in recent months.  Soon after this attack clashes broke out in east Jerusalem, where the assailants reportedly lived.  Small crowd gathered at the scene of the synagogue attack chanting "death to terrorists" and "revenge." pic.twitter.com/31xqoFiyVW — Gregg Carlstrom (@glcarlstrom) November 18, 2014 This is what happened leading up to the attack. In October, the Israeli government approved a project to construct new housing in east Jerusalem, and Israelis moved into an Arab neighborhood of Silwan. Soon after, there was an increase in "what appeared to be lone wolf attacks using cars or knives against pedestrians," knife attacks on Israelis and a controversial death of an Arab Israeli protester, who was shot and killed by an Israeli police officer: Warning: The content in this video is graphic.  Read the full timeline here. Who the victims were: Of the four victims, one is confirmed -- Rabbi Mose Twersky was the son of Rabbi Isadore Twersky, the late longtime director of Harvard’s Center for Jewish Studies. Israeli police say those killed include three Americans and one Briton, according to the Associated Press. All were reportedly rabbis. Who the assailants were: Udai and Ghassan Abu Jamal, cousins from east Jersualem. According to the Associated Press, 14 Abu Jamal family members were arrested. Benjamin Netanyahu's response: The Israeli prime minister aid the response would be harsh and called it a "“cruel murder of Jews who came to pray and were killed by despicable murderers.” John F. Kerry's response: The U.S. secretary of state condemned the attack: "They were hatcheted, hacked and murdered in that holy place in an act of pure terror and senseless brutality and murder. I call on Palestinians at every single level of leadership to condemn this in the most powerful terms. This violence has no place anywhere, particularly after the discussion that we just had the other day in Amman.” Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas agreed with Kerry: “The presidency condemns the attack on Jewish worshippers in their place of prayer and condemns the killing of civilians no matter who is doing it." A Hamas spokesman said "the attack was a natural reaction to Israel’s treatment of Palestinians." Hamas congratulates for "high-quality revenge attack." Says revenge for "murder" of Arab bus driver who was found a suicide in #Jerusalem — Noga Tarnopolsky (@NTarnopolsky) November 18, 2014  