95 On Sunday, almost 100 Palestinians were killed, making it the deadliest day of the conflict. 70 The number of Palestinians killed Sunday who lived in Shijaiyah, a neighborhood of Gaza City. A Hamas spokesman called the Israeli offensive in the neighborhood a "massacre" and "war crime"; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called the area a "rocket center." At Shajaiya expect #s of injured and/or dead to rise. We saw 7 stretchers in 10 minutes on one street. Some v bad. pic.twitter.com/RyZc0tH7Oz — William Booth (@BoothWilliam) July 20, 2014 15 The number of Israeli soldiers killed Sunday, making it the highest death toll for the military since the operations began. 2 The number of Israeli soldiers killed who were American: Sean Carmeli, 21, volunteered to join the Israel Defense Forces last year; Max Steinberg, 24, joined after a birthright trip. Sean Carmeli, left, with Rabbi Asher Hecht in Jerusalem. (Rabbi Asher Hecht via Chabad of the Rio Grande Valley/Associated Press) 1 A conversation about the Mideast crisis between Secretary of State John Kerry and his top aide that was recorded while they were off-air and in which he voices concern about the civilian death toll in Gaza.  Here's a summary: Kerry's comments are clear. "It's a hell of a pinpoint operation," he says, then repeats it. "It's a hell of a pinpoint operation." It's an apparent reference to Israel's insistence that its incursion into the region would be limited. "It's escalating significantly," the person on the phone replies, and Kerry then says: "We've got to get over there. I think we ought to go tonight." He then calls it "crazy" to be "sitting around."   Numbers for the two-week-old Israeli offensive: 511 The number of Palestinians killed in the conflict. Palestinian women weep next to the rubble of their relatives' house, which police said was destroyed in an Israeli airstrike. (Ibraheem Abu Mustafa/Reuters) 20 The number of Israelis who have died in the conflict. Of them, 18 were soldiers and two were civilians. 100,000 The number of Gazans displaced from their homes. Of those, 85,000 are living in 67 shelters, according to the U.N. Relief and Works Agency. RELATED COVERAGE After the single deadliest day in the current Israeli operation, the United Nations Security Council is calling for an immediate case-fire in Gaza based on the November 2012 agreement. (Reuters) Harrowing images of Gaza neighborhood hit hardest by Israel 10 quotes that explain the history of the Gaza conflict The lopsided death tolls in Israel-Palestinian conflicts Gallery: Israel pummels neighborhood 1 of 45 Full Screen Autoplay Close  July 22, 2014 Tuesday  July 21, 2014 Monday  July 20. 2014 Sunday Skip Ad × Death toll rises as Gaza fighting intensifies View Photos The number of fatalities in clashes between Israel and Hamas rises above 675 on Wednesday as the conflict enters its third week. Caption The number of fatalities in clashes between Israel and Hamas rises above 675 on Wednesday as the conflict enters its third week.  July 23, 2014 An Israeli Merkava tank rolls near the border with Gaza. Jack Guez/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. View Photo Gallery —Seventy Palestinians were killed Sunday in a heavy bombardment of a Gaza neighborhood and 13 Israeli soldiers were slain in clashes in the most intense day of fighting in Israel’s ongoing offensive against Hamas fighters, officials said. 
