   A photo illustration showing copies of The Sun newspaper depicting a topless woman on Page 3 on January 22, 2015 in London, England. The Sun has published the picture after reports last week that the feature, that has been running for 44 years, had been dropped. (Photo by Dan Kitwood/Getty Images)  LONDON --Wait, the topless models published in the Sun newspaper are back? Anti-Page 3 campaigners were stunned to see a picture of a bare-breasted model published in the newspaper on Thursday, following widespread reports that Britain’s best-selling newspaper had dropped its famous -- and infamous -- Page 3 girl. On Thursday, under the headline “Clarifications and corrections,” the Sun’s Page 3 featured a picture of a blonde woman named Nicole, who was topless and winking at the camera. “Further to recent reports in all other media outlets, we would like to clarify that this is Page 3 and this is a picture of Nicole, 22, from Bournemouth,” said the paper under her photo. “We would like to apologise on behalf of the print and broadcast journalists who have spent the last two days talking and writing about us,” it continued. On the front page of the paper, it announced: “We’ve had a mammary lapse.”   A front page admission from @TheSunNewspaper pic.twitter.com/yP5bCOBJRg — Dylan Sharpe (@dylsharpe) January 21, 2015  Labor Party Member of Parliament Stella Creasy, an outspoken critic of Page 3, likened its return to a drunken uncle who can’t take a hint.   So Sun going back to doing #page3? bit like drunken letchy uncle at a wedding who doesn’t get the message. Makes everyone uncomfortable.. — stellacreasy (@stellacreasy) January 21, 2015  Although it was widely reported earlier this week that the Sun was no longer publishing pictures of topless women, a 44-year-old tradition, the tabloid never confirmed the change was permanent, as my colleague Daniela Deane noted. Dylan Sharpe, a spokesman for the Sun, tweeted that the media should not have have trusted reports from people “unconnected to The Sun.”   I said that it was speculation and not to trust reports by people unconnected to The Sun. A lot of people are about to look very silly... — Dylan Sharpe (@dylsharpe) January 21, 2015  But the Sun never denied the early reports either, and the story gained traction after the Times of London newspaper -- also owned by Rupert Murdoch -- said that it understood the Sun was “quietly” phasing out Page 3 and that last Friday’s edition would be the last to feature bare-breasted women. On Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday, all of the women in the paper were (at least partially) clothed. Tuesday's edition featured bikini-wearing actresses running along a beach, prompting campaigners to say that any change was an important but modest victory. Still, are the topless models really back for good, or is this just the Sun taking a playful swipe at the media outlets that announced that the end of Page 3 was nigh? On Thursday, Hugo Rifkind, a columnist at the Times of London, tweeted that the paper would still quietly phase it out once the furor has died down.   Oh, calm down with all the Page 3 stuff. They're trolling you, and it's working, and they'll quietly phase it out when you all get bored. — Hugo Rifkind (@hugorifkind) January 22, 2015  Steve Hewlett, a respected media commentator, told the BBC that “this smells to me very much like the Sun trying to say 'don't write us off yet, we still have a sense of mischief.' Is Page 3 on its way back full time? Personally, I very much doubt it." The simply-titled No More Page 3 campaign, which for nearly three years has been a leading force in politely but persistently calling for the paper to drop the images, was back in fighting form on Thursday, and thanked the Sun for the oodles of publicity it has given the cause.   So it seems the fight might be back on. Thanks to @TheSunNewspaper for all the publicity they've given the campaign. See you tomorrow xxx — NoMorePage3 (@NoMorePage3) January 21, 2015 