 Canadian explorers found one of two lost ships missing since 1845 that were on a voyage to discover the fabled Northwest passage between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. (Reuters) Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced Tuesday that crews had located the wreckage of one of the ships lost in an expedition to the Northwest Passage more than 150 years ago, calling it "truly a historic moment for Canada." Hold up! I know what you're thinking right now, but do not click away from this post because you think it will be a snoozefest. I swear it will NOT be a snoozefest. How could it possibly be a snoozefest if it involves a ship called HMS Terror. No kidding! Stick with me. The wreckage is believed to be part of an expedition led by Sir John Franklin, who was an officer in the British Royal Navy and an Arctic explorer, which — sorry to go full nerd here — is just extremely cool. Go ahead and admit it — you think so, too. So grab some snacks and set aside a few minutes to learn about the famed Northwest Passage, and Sir John Franklin, and the Erebus, and the Terror. There will be musical accompaniment. That is Stan Rogers, a Canadian folk musician. As perhaps you have gathered, this song is called "Northwest Passage," and it makes mention of Franklin, the star of this post. The Northwest Passage, a sea trade route, stretches across the northern part of Canada. (Here's a map, if you're still confused.) The passage was seen as a valuable link between the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans, and an important part of British trade interests. It meant that ships wouldn't have to go around South America, and when Franklin set out, Britain believed it was close to charting the waters. Roald Amundsen, pictured here posing stoically in his outerwear, was the first to cross it in the early 1900s. Franklin set off for the passage from England in 1845; he was 59 at the time, and not the first choice to lead the expedition. Or the second. Or maybe even the third. But he went anyway! Explorers gonna explore, as they say. Franklin — who might have been a bit of a snooze in real life, even if his story isn't — had been on expeditions to Canada before. The most notable was probably a trek from 1819 to 1822, which ended poorly. Many crew members died from starvation. Those who remained, the story goes, tried to eat their boots to survive. Franklin returned to England and became a hero, known as "the man who ate his boots." The Brits were, apparently, still working on nicknames during the 1800s. Franklin's two ships, the Erebus and the Terror, left England with more than 120 men aboard. They never returned. The disappearance came when the British navy was incredibly powerful, which, for lack of a better word, made the whole situation just completely bonkers. "They were so confident," said Ian MacLaren, a professor at the University of Alberta. "The technology had improved. They had Franklin as a nominal leader. ... There was really nothing in the way, of course, except ice." Search parties were dispatched to the Canadian Arctic. For years they looked for these ships — years! This was documented in actual artwork; I'm not even kidding. Franklin's disappearance was just the beginning of Britain's frustrations and failure. The British naval operation, considered so mighty, couldn't locate the ship, and well-funded search parties sent to figure out what happened and continue Franklin's work also came up empty. "Some forty expeditions were launched in search of his party, funded both by governments and public subscriptions," Rhode Island College professor Russell A. Potter wrote on his Web site. "In a way, Franklin's expedition was the Apollo 13 of his times — only, in his times, without radio or modern communications, such potential martyrdom came with painful slowness." Franklin's wife, Jane, pushed for trip after trip to Canada after the ships went missing. The most she got was a piece of paper, stating that her husband had died. There's a song about her efforts too, of course, because what could possibly be more emo. If you're looking for an upside, all those search parties helped chart the Arctic eventually. And we got some neat Canadian jams out of it. A rose is now named for Franklin, who also has a statue that claims he discovered the Northwest Passage, even if that's a bit of a stretch. That brings us to this week, more than 100 years after Franklin, his crew and the ships disappeared. It's unclear whether the wreckage recovered in waters off northern Canada is the Terror or the Erebus, although Harper said in a statement that one ship could lead to the other. "Finding the first vessel will no doubt provide the momentum — or wind in our sails — necessary to locate its sister ship and find out even more about what happened to the Franklin Expedition’s crew," Harper said in the news release. He called the disappearance "one of Canada’s greatest mysteries," and said he was "delighted" to announce it had been solved by the Victoria Strait Expedition, if only partially. It's also worth noting that there could actually be political ramifications to this discovery, in case you were wondering. The Associated Press points out that Canada could locate the wreckage because the "melting Arctic ice in recent years has unlocked the very shipping route Franklin was after." And who can claim the passage now? Do the waters belong to Canada, or should they be considered international territory? "This is a great moment for Canada and Canadians," Victoria Strait Expedition partner Andrew Prossin said in a release. "This was truly a Canadian effort combining our special spirit, know‐how and innovation." A British expedition. A Canadian effort. An Arctic mystery, more than a century old. See? I told you this was going to be good. After more than a century, the mystery of Sir John Franklin and his doomed ships might finally be solved. Editor's note: This video contains no audio. (Parks Canada) 
