   Authorities in Hong Kong cracked down on pro-democracy demonstrators on Sunday using tear gas and pepper spray. Thousands of demonstrators turned out on the downtown streets again on Monday to support the protest. (The Washington Post)   For better or worse, Oct. 1 will be a date to watch in Hong Kong's pro-democracy protests: Wednesday will be the beginning of a two-day holiday for Hong Kongers, and many ordinary citizens are expected to use their time off to join the protests. If the protests do get bigger or, worse, bloodier, the symbolism will be hard to miss. Oct. 1 is celebrated as the National Day of the People's Republic of China, and angry crowds on the streets may discredit the notion of "One Country, Two Systems" that has been used to describe the political relationship between Beijing and Hong Kong since the 1997 handover from the British. At present, it's unclear what the protesters hope from the coming days. Thousands of people remain on the streets, bringing large areas to a virtual standstill. "Occupy Central with Love and Peace," one of the leading groups in the protests, had originally planned a “democracy banquet” on the day and had requested a permit for rallies with as many as 50,000 people.    A protester covers her mouth with tape that says "democracy" on the streets of Hong Kong on Tuesday. (Paula Bronstein/Getty Images)  However, Occupy Central changed its plans during the weekend, and on Sunday, it began its "occupation" early, hoping to build on momentum from a concurrent student-led protest. In response, police attempted to disperse the protesters with tear gas and pepper spray, dramatically escalating the conflict. While Hong Kong's police force now seem to have reevaluated the harsh measures used during the weekend, they may well have generated sympathy for the now-unified protest movement among a broader audience. “It’s quite possible that at least more than 100,000, if not up to 300,000, 400,000, people will join in the protest in a show of people’s power,” Willy Lam, adjunct professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, told Bloomberg News. It's unclear what the reaction to crowds of that size would be.      (The Washington Post)  Hong Kong's authorities still plan to celebrate the public holiday: Hong Kong's Beijing-backed chief executive, Leung Chun-ying, is due to attend a flag-raising ceremony in Golden Bauhinia Square at 8 a.m., not far from the main protest areas. A news release, sent out before the protests gained traction, promised a crowd of 2,500 invited guests, though a planned 23-minutes fireworks display has been cancelled because of the protests. For Beijing, National Day is very important: Oct. 1 will mark the 65th anniversary of the creation of the modern Chinese state and the start of a week-long holiday known as a "Golden Week." For Hong Kongers, however, it will be only the 18th National Day since the British handed over control of the region (the city celebrated a separate "Liberation Day" in August before 1997). It's a holiday during which many mainland Chinese come to Hong Kong and many who live in the city leave to visit family and friends. Given the importance of the day, some protesters are preparing for the worst. "Many powerful people from the mainland will come to Hong Kong," Sui-ying Cheng, an 18-year-old student at Hong Kong University's School of Professional and Continuing Education, told Reuters news agency. "The Hong Kong government won't want them to see this, so the police must do something." In a televised statement on Tuesday, Leung acknowledged that he thought the protests may "last for a relatively long time." However, he also hinted that Beijing didn't see acquiescence as an option. “The Chinese government won’t give in to threats asserted through illegal activity,” Leung said.