 Secretary of State John Kerry, left, and British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond walk off Kerry's plane at Logan International Airport in Boston on Oct. 9. (Stephan Savoia/AP) VIENNA – As secretary of state, John Kerry is one of the most powerful men in the world. But if his plane can’t get off the ground, he is pretty much powerless to do anything about it. So when the Boeing 757 that flew Kerry to Cairo, Paris and Vienna this week for high-level talks  broke down for the fourth time this year, Kerry ended up doing what mere mortals do – he flew home Thursday morning on a commercial flight. Several of his aides accompanied him, and more scurried to book commercial flights home later Thursday and early Friday. Kerry has hinted that he would like a new plane to replace the aging U.S. Air Force jet that has taken him more than 500,000 miles to 55 countries since he became secretary of state in February last year. A State Department spokeswoman brushed off the hassle of the latest breakdown, but diplomatically suggested that there are serious implications in a dangerous world. “Secretary Kerry himself was quick to point out that if the hardest thing that happens in a given day is that you have to fly commercial — your life is pretty good,” said Jen Psaki, the spokeswoman. However, she added, Kerry makes sensitive phone calls on a commercial plane, not even in the rarified air pumped into first class. “There is not a flight where Secretary Kerry isn’t calling in via secure phone to an interagency meeting or receiving sensitive national security information, or reading classified information or briefings,” Wyatt said. “There is not a single flight where he is not on the phone making calls to other foreign ministers to solicit contributions to fight Ebola or talking to his counterparts about the coalition to fight ISIL [an alternate acronym for the Islamic State]. “The world we live in, we do high stakes diplomacy via phone and secure phone.  None of that is possible when any secretary of state is flying on a commercial plane without secure communications with hundreds of people.” On the other hand, Thursday’s malfunctioning plane saved Kerry from a potentially awkward moment. While a handful of aides and journalists traveling with Kerry waited in the VIP lounge at the Vienna airport, hoping that repairs might still be made, a delegation of Iranians passed through, including Mohammad Javad Zarif. Kerry met with Zarif on Wednesday to discuss terms under which Iran might agree to limit its nuclear capacity. While the blue and white plane painted with the name of the United States of America sat disabled on the runway, the group from Tehran was whisked away, passing a huge Iranian flag flapping in the wind between two Austrian flags outside the lounge door. They were in, and out, of the terminal within an hour.
