 One of the six Guantanamo inmates transferred to Uruguay after more than a decade in what one called the "black hole" of the U.S. military prison is seen through a window of the Military Hospital in Montevideo, Uruguay, on Dec. 8. (AFP/Getty Images) Uruguay's El Observador this morning has an account of a conversation one of its reporters overheard between a hospital guard and a newly-arrived ex-Guantanamo detainee, who apparently has an interest in traveling to the United States. Whatever its accuracy, the anecdote says a lot about perceptions of the ex-prisoners' future in the small South American country, and the possibility that they might not stay there. Over the weekend a U.S. C-17 military plane landed in Uruguay with six long-time Guantanamo prisoners whose home countries could not, or would not, take them back. Four Syrians, a Tunisian and a Palestinian, they are the first detainees to be sent to South America. The six were arrested in 2002 for suspected ties to al-Qaeda but were never charged. An asylum offer was extended by Uruguay's outgoing president Jose Mujica, who took sympathy with their plight, having spent more than a decade in prison as a leftist guerrilla during the 1970s and '80s. Mujica has said the men will be free to do as they please once they leave the military hospital where they have been under observation, and the account this morning in El Observador suggests that at least one of the men may not be planning to put down roots. "Have you been to the United States?" the ex-detainee was overheard asking the guard, according to El Observador's reporter, who was listening through a thin hospital curtain. The reporter described the man as having a long black beard and a white turban "that could have been a towel." After the guard told the ex-prisoner that he had been "to Miami," he proceeded to lay out different travel options for reaching the United States. "The guard told him they give visas to go for three months," according to the report. Other statements and interviews from the ex-detainees' lawyers claim that the men are eager to start new lives in Uruguay, not bolt from the country at their first opportunity. One of the Syrians, Abd al Hadi Omar Mahmoud Faraj, published an open letter to the people of Uruguay, pledging "only good will and positive contributions," as "we learn Spanish and remake our lives hire." Faraj wrote that he was an innocent store clerk attempting to flee Afghanistan into Pakistan in late 2001 when troops from the Northern Alliance turned him over to the Americans for a cash reward. During his first six months in U.S. custody, he said, "I was interrogated ceaselessly, harshly, and wasn't allowed to bathe." "If it wasn't for Uruguay, I would still be in that black hole" at Guantanamo, Faraj wrote, adding that he and his fellow refugees were looking forward to rooting for the country's soccer team. Another ex-prisoner who had been on hunger strike for months prior to his release, Abu Wa’el Dhiab, is said to be too weak to walk, but his attorney said he intends to bring his family to Uruguay and eventually wants to open his own restaurant. Uruguayan officials say the men will be given refugee status, released to a halfway house as soon as Tuesday and assigned police protection for their own security.
