 Anonymous activists meet in inner Brisbane wearing Guy Fawkes masks, an item that has been banned during the G-20 Summit, ahead of the Peoples' March on Nov. 14 in Brisbane, Australia. (Glenn Hunt/Getty Images) The Group of 20 summits — along with those of the Group of Eight, the World Economic Forum and a host of other conclaves attended by statesmen, jet-setters and the well-heeled — always attract protesters. This year's meeting in the eastern Australian city of Brisbane is no different. A grab-bag of 27 different activist groups are attempting to make their voices heard on the sidelines of the event. Thirteen separate protests and marches are expected Saturday, staged by indigenous rights groups, climate-change campaigners and others. Protesters literally buried their heads in the sand - as world leaders were arriving to attend the G-20 summit - to demostrate what they say has been the attitude of the Australian government on climate change. (Reuters) But they'll have to adhere to a strict set of G-20-related rules, laid down by the Australian government in a G-20 security act passed in 2013. Protesters can't wear balaclavas or disguises that fully conceal their identities. They are prohibited from bringing any weapons near the venue. The protocols list a startling array of implements that are banned, far beyond the firearms one would fear. These include slingshots, blowpipes, handcuffs, whips, cattle prods, metal cans and eggs, which could be used as "projectiles." They are also banned from bringing in urine and manure; the former was hurled at police at the 2006 G-20 Summit in Melbourne. Prohibited items also include things that can make loud noises, things that can make smoke or terrible smells, things that can fly (such as kites and drones), things that can lock you down (chains and padlocks), and even things that can float, such as kayaks or surfboards. It also bans things that can creep: "a reptile, insect or other animal capable of causing physical harm if released in close proximity to a person." This handout picture Nov. 13  shows Australians burying their heads in the sands of Bondi Beach to send a message to Prime Minister Tony Abbott about the dangers of climate change. (Tim Cole/350.ORG/AFP) Undeterred, protesters have been creative about their demonstrations, including an event in Sydney in which hundreds buried their heads in the sand (pictured above) to protest Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott's much-criticized approach to the challenge of climate change. But while dissenters can't bring their reptiles to the G-20, the summit itself has acquired quite a menagerie of local fauna. According to the Courier Mail, the Australia Zoo has sent "a native python, several blue tongue lizards, an echidna, a koala and a bird" to the summit's media center, in a bid to further burnish Australia's brand in front of visiting journalists. Snakes at #g20 #australiazoo pic.twitter.com/C7vOt9aSFE — Rae Wilson (@RaeWilson78) November 13, 2014 It seems you can showcase Australia's wildlife inside the venue, but don't even think about it outside.
