Congratulatory message from the outcast Syrian president? Check. Floral tributes from the president of Guinea and the communist parties in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Benin? Check. Fawning coverage in the Russian press? Check. It’s that time again in North Korea: Time to commemorate the anniversary of the death of Kim Jong Il, the second generation leader who died three years ago Wednesday. The outside world (and indeed, many normal North Koreans) will remember him as the tyrannical ruler who presided over a devastating famine that killed as many as 2.5 million people, or 10 percent of the population, rattled his nuclear saber and generally led the country into economic ruin. But in the official North Korean account, Kim was visionary leader who turned the country into “an economic giant” and whose passing is being mourned around the world Wednesday. The Rodong Sinmun, the mouthpiece of the Korean Workers’ Party, published a double-page spread, complete with 11 photos, remembering Kim as “the sun of reunification.” “The idea of By Our Nation Itself was propounded thanks to the outstanding leadership of Kim Jong Il, who firmly established the Juche-based principle for the cause of national reunification, foiled the challenges of the separatist forces at home and abroad with the might of national independence and promoted unity and reunification,” the florid article read. The idea of “juche” or self-reliance — often translated in North Korea as “by our nation itself” — is that the repressive state can be self-sustaining. This is ironic given that it produces almost nothing useful and relies on trade and aid from China, and to a lesser extent Russia, to stay afloat. In a separate and very long statement, using the acronym for North Korea’s official name, the state-run Korean Central News Agency said: “Marshal Kim Jong Un wisely led the work to glorify the revolutionary idea and feats of Kim Jong Il forever, reflecting the revolutionary faith and will and ardent desire of the service personnel and people of the DPRK.” New stamps were issued. One showed a picture of Kim Jong Il waving to the cheering crowd, with the words: "The great leader Comrade Kim Jong Il will always be with us" and a view of the Kumsusan Palace of the Sun, a marble-floored mausoleum where Kim and his dad, “Eternal President” Kim Il Sung, lie in state. Then there were the commemorative missives. Bashar al-Assad, president of the ravaged country of Syria, sent a message to North Korea telling them that Syrians were “sharing sorrow with the friendly leadership and people of your country”. “We will always remember HE Kim Jong Il as the great fighter, genuine patriot and the leader who protected the country and its people and the revolution,” Assad wrote in the message, according to KCNA. Flowers came from organizations as notable as the central committee of the socialist party of Benin, the Russian State Academic People's Chorus and the Switzerland-Korea Committee. Anniversaries of deaths are a big deal in Korean culture and are commemorated on both halves of the peninsula. Families conduct a ceremony called “kije” where they tend the graves and remember their ancestors. But this particular death anniversary is a big deal in North Korea because it’s used to perpetuate the personality cult that the totalitarian state, now run by Kim’s son, Kim Jong Un, uses to keep its population under control. North Korea’s state scribes ratcheted up the propaganda ahead of the anniversary, telling the people of the late leader’s love for the country’s people and how much he did for them, according to South Korean organizations with sources in the North. “With the third anniversary coming up, state media is saying there is no other leader like the General [Kim Jong Il], who continued on a path of endless work, only getting in short naps and eating rice balls – and in the end, passing away on a running train,” a person based in North Hamkyong province, near the border with China, told the Daily NK. “But people here say what he did took away from and ruined the state economy.” Human rights groups had a similar recollection of Kim the Second. “Kim Jong Il ruled by severely punishing dissent, and using the fear instilled by his brutality to keep the population silenced, even as they were starving to death,” said Phil Robertson of Human Rights Watch. “Sadly, Kim Jong Un, North Korea’s new supreme leader and son of Kim Jong Il, is closely following in his father’s footsteps.” One country was notably missing from the Kim-a-palooza: China. Tensions between the patron and its client have been worsening since Xi Jinping took over in China and Kim Jong Un succeeded his father three years ago. Xi apparently has little affection for the young leader, and the two have not met in that time. That’s a telling thing in a relationship once described as “as close as lips and teeth”. China has expressed its unhappiness with North Korea in other ways, including cancelling the opening of a bridge spanning the river between the two countries – and cutting off what was meant to be an economic lifeline. China was notably not invited to Wednesday’s celebrations, but Qin Gang, a foreign ministry spokesman, said “we respect their arrangement” and recalled the era of happier relations between China and the middle Kim. “Kim Jong Il is the great leader of the party and country of North Korea,” Qin said at a press briefing this week. “He has made great contribution to the development of friendly cooperative relationship of the two countries. Chinese people cherish the memory of him.” No such words for Kim the Third. Still, John Delury, a Korea expert who teaches at Yonsei University in Seoul, said that Kim Jong Un had beaten the odds. "Many thought he could not inherit supreme power at such a tender age, after only a few rushed years of grooming before his father's sudden death," Delury said. "Three years in, he holds top posts in the party, government and military, has a signature 'strategic line' of developing the economy while keeping the nukes, and appears constantly in public surrounded by adoring citizens." Now there are two big questions facing Kim Jr. Jr., Delury said. Can he deliver on his promise to improve the economy? And, can he see through a major diplomatic initiative? On both, the jury is still out. 