 Thousands of demonstrators filled the streets in Hong Kong Monday to protest Beijing’s decision to reject open nomination calls for the election of Hong Kong’s chief executive in 2017. (Facebook: Nero Chan) The fourth day of pro-democracy protests in Hong Kong happened to fall on the anniversary of the birth of a communist China. Still, demonstrations that have swelled in the region continued to remain peaceful, even as China continued with National Day celebrations. It wasn't all celebration for those who are a part of the movement. One protester expressed his displeasure when a helicopter carrying China's flag flew over Hong Kong. There was even heckling -- a Hong Kong leader received a negative response during a flag raising ceremony. Still, the peaceful protests continued in a movement that seems to be gaining traction daily. Here's a timelapse video showing the transformation of one of the main locations of the demonstrations: Umbrellas continue to be a big part of the story, and some even call this event the "Umbrella Revolution." Umbrellas are set up together, symbolizing the so-called 'umbrella revolution' of pro-democracy protests, next to the central government offices in Hong Kong on Oct. 1. (Alex Ogle/AFP/Getty Images) Even in Stockholm, the "Umbrella Revolution" had supporters. Pro-democracy protesters demonstrate in support of the demonstrations currently blocking central Hong Kong that have been dubbed the "umbrella revolution" in Stockholm. Jonathan Nackstrand/AFP/Getty Images The demonstrations didn't stop China though -- one National Day celebration that took place near the protests included clowns. On China's National Day, Hong Kong's government put on a clown show http://t.co/MzKX4bUo6u pic.twitter.com/lCBPN5QDEa — Ishaan Tharoor (@ishaantharoor) October 1, 2014    Related: Protesters flood the streets 1 of 52 Full Screen Autoplay Close Oct. 1, 2014  Wednesday Sept. 30, 2014  Tuesday Sept. 29, 2014  Monday Sept. 28, 2014 Skip Ad × Hong Kong protest devolves into clash with police View Photos The latest clash with Beijing over voting rights escalated as police tried to break up demonstrations with batons and tear gas. Caption The latest clash with Beijing over voting rights escalated as police tried to break up demonstrations with batons and tear gas. Oct. 2, 2014  A student protester pleads for a peaceful resolution in Hong Kong. Wong Maye-E/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. View Photo Gallery —The latest battle in Beijing over voting rights escalated as police tried to break up demonstrations with batons and tear gas.  
