 In a seven-minute, 16 second video released Sunday, Amedy Coulibaly, the Paris gunman who attacked a kosher supermarket on Jan. 9, pledges allegiance to the Islamic State and its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The Post has edited and translated the video. (The Washington Post) The Islamic State released a video on Sunday in which one of the assailants in the Paris terror attacks posthumously claims that he carried out the attack in the name of the group. Read: In Paris, a march for solidarity The video shows Amedy Coulibaly, the man who killed four hostages at a Paris supermarket on Friday before he was fatally shot by police, pledging allegiance to Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. Speaking in French and occasionally lapsing into broken Arabic, he is shown wearing a flak vest, then a leather jacket and later a traditional African robe while he explains his motives for carrying out the attack and urges other Muslims also to take up arms. Timeline: Three days in Paris Coulibaly, who also is thought to have fatally shot a French policewoman Thursday, is introduced as Abou Bassir AbdAllah al-Ifriqi and a “soldier of the caliphate.” Coulibaly says he was avenging the “massacres” being carried out in the Middle East against Muslims, in particular the airstrikes being conducted against the Islamic State by a coalition of nations, including France. “What we are doing is completely legitimate, given what they are doing,” Coulibaly says. “You cannot attack and not expect retribution, so you are playing the victim as if you don’t understand what’s happening.” The video, being circulated on social media, concludes with footage of Coulibaly being killed by police as they stormed the kosher Hyper Cacher supermarket. Four people taken hostage during the attack also died. He is also suspected to have killed a police officer Thursday. French media outlets also reported on audio captured by a French radio station in which it seems that Coulibaly is talking to hostages at the grocery store and at one point said, "They need to stop. They need to stop attacking ISIS." The Islamic State is variously known as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh. The siege at the supermarket came two days after two men fatally shot 12 people at the Charlie Hebdo satirical newspaper in Paris, an attack that was claimed by Yemen based al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula.  The Islamic State and al-Qaeda are fierce rivals, but the two separate claims suggest that adherents of the two groups are capable of setting aside their differences to coordinate attacks.
