 (Laris Karklis and Ted Mellnik / The Washington Post) On Tuesday, President Obama will deliver the annual State of the Union address to a joint session of the U.S. Congress. Following a year that has a seen a number of distressing international issues, Obama may well use his speech to talk about foreign policy. If he does so, he will be following a rich tradition. It was in the 2002 State of the Union address that President George W. Bush identified North Korea, Iran and Iraq as an "Axis of Evil," and President James Monroe first outlined what would become the Monroe Doctrine in 1823. In fact, most countries have been referenced in a State of the Union address at some point or another, some far more than others: The past nine presidents have all mentioned China, Japan, Korea (either North or South or just Korea) and the Soviet Union or Russia at least once in their State of the Union addresses. But what about the countries that have not been mentioned? The Washington Post has looked through all of the State of the Union speeches since 1964 to see which ones are conspicuous by their absence. In total, almost 70 nations have not been directly mentioned in the past half-century of State of the Union addresses. Some of the countries omitted are understandable – there was probably little reason for a president to mention the Solomon Islands – but others may come as a surprise. European nations such as Ireland and Belgium have never been mentioned. The United Arab Emirates hasn't been mentioned, nor has Malaysia. Bangladesh, one of the most populous countries in the world, has not been directly referenced in the past 50 years. In some cases, there's a technicality: Countries such as Latvia and Estonia were referred to as the "Baltics," while countries like Montenegro, Slovenia and Montenegro were once known as "Yugoslavia." But it's not hard to notice certain regions have been omitted more than others: Notice the big purple blots over Central Asia and Western and Central Africa in the map above? The State of the Union is a major opportunity for U.S. leaders to explain how they see the world – but apparently some parts of the world are more visible than others. To see what countries were mentioned, click here. The full list of those not mentioned is below.
