The airstrikes in Syria is just one development in the current crisis in the Middle East. Here is a brief guide to what is happening in the region right now. Syria: The United States, Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Qatar, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates participated in airstrikes in Syria that targeted Islamic State targets. Training compounds, a finance center, supply trucks and more were damaged or destroyed, according to reports. The sky is full drones over Raqqa now — Abdulkader Hariri (@3bdUlkaed6r) September 23, 2014 International forces also struck the Khorasan Group, an al-Qaeda affiliate based in Aleppo. Israel: The Israeli military said it shot down a warplane from Syria that entered Israeli airspace above the Golan Heights. The Syria pilots ejected from the jet before it crashed in a Syrian town controlled by al-Qaeda rebels. Israel captured a portion of the Golan Heights from Syria during the Six-Day War in 1967. Due to Syria's volatile situation, fighting often pours into the Israeli-controlled side of the Golan Heights. This is the first time in 40 years that Israel Defense Forces shot down a Syrian jet. Iraq:  Up to 500 soldiers may be missing after Islamic State militants attacked an Iraqi army base in western Anbar province, according to five survivors who managed to escape from the scene. If the accounts are accurate, this would be the most devastating day for the Iraqi military since militants captured one of the country's largest cities, Mosul, back in June. The Associated Press is reporting that Islamic State militants were parading those Iraqi troops in Fallujah. Turkey: As the worst refugee crisis of the Syrian war hits Turkey, the country closed its border, resulting in massive protests. Turkish troops fired water cannons and tear gas in attempts to deescalate demonstrations. In just three days, 130,000 refugees have entered into Turkey due to the Islamic State's advances, official say. The militants have recently taken at least 60 villages and are battling with Kurdish forces to try and take Ayn al-Arab, also known as Kobane. Related: photos from the exdous 1 of 43 Full Screen Autoplay Close Sept. 24, 2014 Sept. 23, 2014   Tuesday Sept. 22, 2014  Monday Sept. 21, 2014 Sept. 20, 2014 Skip Ad × Syrian Kurds flee advance of Islamic State View Photos Nearly 150,000 Syrian Kurds have crossed into Turkey since the past weekend. Caption Nearly 150,000 Syrian Kurds have crossed into Turkey since the past weekend.  Sept. 25, 2014 Syrian Kurds wait to enter Syria at the Mursitpinar crossing gate at Suruc in Sanliurfa province, Turkey. Tens of thousands of Syrian Kurds flooded into Turkey, fleeing an onslaught by the Islamic State group. Bulent Kilic/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. View Photo Gallery —Nearly 100,000 Syrian Kurds have crossed into Turkey in the past three days. 
