   Pomp and splendor mark the Indian president's entry at every Republic Day parade. (Associated Press)  NEW DELHI — What’s an inconvenient little tradition when it comes to security measures – and particularly when it comes to the security of President Obama. When Obama visits India later this month to be the chief guest at the Republic Day parade, New Delhi may just decide to be a little flexible. Officials here say they may do away with the established tradition of the visiting chief guest and India’s president traveling in the same car to the parade grounds. It is the first time that a U.S. president will be a chief guest at India's Republic Day parade. Obama’s security officers appear to have indicated to New Delhi that he will prefer to travel in his own Beast (as Obama's limousine is called) — from Indian President Pranab Mukherjee’s palatial residence to the parade grounds, a drive of about five minutes — because of security concerns. Tradition demands that the visiting dignitary travel with the Indian president to the parade, which includes displays of military prowess and cultural floats. One Indian official said that a final decision has not been made but that New Delhi is flexible. Another official dismissed it as local media speculation. An article in the Indian Express newspaper on Monday quoted sources as saying that there are two options: “The two presidents travel in their respective vehicles or both travel in Obama’s vehicle that will sport the flags of the two countries.” The Times of India newspaper reported that there will be a “never seen before” security cover at the venue. The capital may be declared a no-fly zone for much of the day. After the Jan. 26 ceremony, Obama — whose first visit to India was in 2010 — and Prime Minister Narendra Modi will hold discussions on a range of issues, including defense, education and energy. But security is not the only major concern for the organizers, the Times of India said Thursday. New Delhi’s infamous winter pollution is a cause for worry, too. Obama may just opt to sit inside a glass-enclosed space to watch the parade because of the poor air quality. However, there has been no official confirmation of any scaling back of Obama’s outdoor events because of the pollution. Some other things are going to be different, too. Officials are working hard to keep stray cows, monkeys and dogs off the streets during Obama’s visit. What does the Indian president's convoy look like when it arrives at the Republic Day parade? Watch this video below (please forgive the soundtrack): 