   Omar, a 20-year-old migrant from Eritrea, poses next to his tent at a disused gymnasium in Calais, France, on Oct. 30. Omar fled his country several months ago, travelling through Sudan, Libya and Italy, and has been in Calais for three months. (Pascal Rossignol/Reuters)  CALAIS, France – Arriving in this French port city aboard a sleek Eurostar train from London, I worried that I might have trouble finding the migrants whose presence was the reason for my visit. They are in Calais, after all, to do something illicit: to sneak into Britain, land of their dreams. Perhaps they would be difficult to track down, or wary of discussing their intentions with a reporter asking prying questions. As it turned out, there’s virtually no way to visit Calais without coming into contact with the 2,500 migrants (and more each day) who have inundated this compact and attractive city of 75,000 residents. Nor did I have to worry about their willingness to share their stories as they approach what they hope will be the end of their unimaginably long journeys. You see the migrants on the streets, in the parks, at the discount grocery stores. Their clothes are ragged, their eyes tired. They don’t want to be here, and the feeling is mutual, with residents and city officials desperate for them to leave. But where will they go? The reason most are here in the first place is that their homes have become uninhabitable, ruined by war, poverty or a combination of the two. They weren’t drawn to Calais; the vast majority had never heard of it before they embarked from Africa, the Middle East or South Asia. They were pushed out, and for various reasons, they decided to make a break for Britain. Just getting to Europe has been trial enough, often involving weeks on the road and at sea, living at the mercy of greedy and duplicitous smugglers who don’t seem to mind if their human cargo ends up at the bottom of the Mediterranean. Those in Calais face one last hurdle: the English Channel. It’s a mere puddle compared to what the migrants have already faced – exceptionally fit athletes have swum it – but it may as well be an ocean, given the layers of security imposed by the French and British. Mimi, a 22-year-old from Eritrea, has been stuck in Calais for more than a month. Just about every night, she tries to cross. But each time she has curled up in the bowels of a British-bound truck, she’s been sniffed out by a police dog. Mimi describes her failed attempts – and her intention to try again – as she stirs her lunch, simmering on an open fire of kindling gathered from the forest where she sleeps. She wears sandals, dirty gray sweatpants and the exhausted look of someone who has endured all she can handle. We have just met, but she doesn’t mind telling me her story. The months she spent in a Libyan jail because she didn’t have the money to bribe her way out. The rickety ship that took on water as it crossed the Mediterranean, and had to be abandoned at sea. The nights living on the streets of Paris, trying to make her way just a little further north until there was no more land – only water, and beyond that, the island where she plans to start anew. “I think tomorrow my life will change,” Mimi tells me, “and all of this will be a bad memory.” ------------- READ RELATED ARTICLE: In heart of Europe, migrants offer a one-stop tour of worldwide misery