 Tourists look at the temple of the Parthenon on the Acropolis hill on the eve of World Tourism Day on Sept. 26 in Athens. (Yorgos Karahalis/Reuters) As Greek dramas go, the struggle over a marble frieze pried from the Parthenon more than 200 years ago has had many acts and many actors. There were Ottoman rulers. A Scottish earl who hauled the antiquities back to Britain. A Greek actress who became the country’s culture minister, and lobbied tirelessly for the nearly 250 feet of marble gods, horsemen and mythical scenes to be returned to Athens from its stately home at the British Museum in London. And now there’s Amal Clooney – the newlywed wife of George – as part of a legal dream team seeking ways to leverage international law and public opinion to send the collection back to Hellas. Ms. Clooney Esq., a prominent attorney and activist formerly known as Amal Ramzi Alamuddin, arrived in Athens on Tuesday in hopes of bringing new life to the Greek quest for the 2,000-year-old marbles. The three-member team of London lawyers is scheduled to meet Wednesday with Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras, who probably enjoys the diversion of discussing relics from Greece’s glorious past rather than the country’s current political quagmire. His government narrowly survived a confidence vote last week in a revolt over economic austerity measures. The fight for the Parthenon Sculptures – also known as the Elgin marbles – is one of the few things all Greeks can agree upon. The sculptures adorned the Parthenon temple, the centerpiece of the Acropolis, for two millennia until they were removed by a Scottish noblemen, Thomas Bruce, also known as the 7th Earl of Lord Elgin, in the early 19th century. It was a time when scooping up cultural patronage around the world was something Britons did rather well. Lord Elgin was an envoy to the Ottoman Empire, which included Greece at the time. The Ottomans kindly raised no objections about his souvenir shopping on the Acropolis. Lord Elgin sold the marbles to the British Parliament, which in turn presented them to the British Museum in 1816. The collection – representing about half the surviving frize at the Parthenon – has been housed in a special room finished in 1832. Britain had long rejected Greek appeals to give up one of the museum’s star attractions. Greeks had hoped the construction of a new Acropolis Museum, with huge windows facing its ancient slopes, would break the impasse. No such luck. Enter Clooney and company. Newlywed Amal Clooney met with Greek Prime Minister Antonis Samaras to provide legal advice on the Parthenon Marbles. (Reuters) They have not publicly discussed their possible strategies to try to nudge Britain to reconsider. Plain old guilt might be part of the mix. There’s been a steady trickle of antiquities and other treasures returning to their homelands. In June, Germany gave back two pieces of ancient Cycladic art: a stone figurine of a woman and copper utensil resembling a frying pan. British tabloids spent much less time on the fight over cultural heritage in the coverage of Clooney’s latest crusade after defending clients such as Wikileaks founder Julian Assange. Where was husband George? He was in New York, the stories noted. They also found plenty to write about with Clooney’s outfits, including some positive reviews about her sensible brown pants and bulky purse. Few could resist noting her husband's movie "The Monuments Men." “The issue of returning and reuniting the Parthenon Marbles is one of top importance which Greece has steadily and for a long time demanded,” Greek Culture Minister Costas Tassoulas said Tuesday after meeting with the legal team. “It is our duty ... to do everything we can to ensure the success of that demand, which is made not only in the name of Greece but also in the name of global cultural heritage,” he added. One of his famous predecessors tried to use her own star power for the cause. Melina Mercouri, who served in the post twice between 1981 and 1994, traveled the world pitching for the marbles’ return. “They are a tribute to democratic philosophy. They are our aspiration and our name. They are the essence of Greekness,” was a favorite passage in the speeches by Mercouri, who gained international acclaim with a string of films beginning in the 1950s that included her role as a warm-hearted prostitute in 1960’s “Never on Sunday.” Her husband, American-born film director Jules Dassin, continued the campaign after Mercouri's death in 1994. He died in 2008. They are buried side by side in a cemetery not far from the Acropolis.
