 The butlers of Etihad Airways after their training in London. (Etihad Airways)   Dear economy class passengers, here’s two soul-crushing words to consider while your knees take a beating and your elbows jockey for armrest real estate: The Residence. As in a three-room private apartment in the sky. As in settling back on a sofa covered in the same supple leather used in a Ferrari. How about ringing for your own white-gloved butler trained at London’s Savoy Hotel? Welcome to the latest six-star salvo in the bling wars of Persian Gulf aviation. Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways plans in December to unveil The Residence on its London route on the upper deck of an A380. The $20,000-a-ticket gilded cocoon (that’s nearly $2,900 an hour for the approximately seven-hour flight) might seem like the ultimate in one-upmanship amid the uniquely Gulf competition for the rarefied world of first class and beyond. Don’t count on it. It’s very likely that Etihad’s deep-pocket regional rivals, Emirates and Qatar Airways, are already thinking of ways to push higher into the luxury stratosphere. Remember: This is the land of the half-mile-tall Burj Khalifa spire, police fleets with Lamborghinis and Bentleys, and vending machines for gold coins and 24-carat trinkets. The airline egos are just as outsized. The three airlines are the hardest-charging bunch in commercial flight, much to the delight of a related rivalry: Boeing and Airbus. The three Gulf carriers routinely lead the world in eye-popping plane deals, including a huge score last year for Boeing with Dubai-based Emirates ordering 150 of Boeing's revamped 777s worth $56 billion, plus an option for 50 more. Qatar Airways stepped in with orders for more than 50 of the same aircraft. Etihad joined the buying spree that began last November with deals for more than 85 Airbus planes. It’s all part of stunning transformation -- kicked off by Dubai in the 1970s – that turned the Gulf into one of the world’s aviation crossroads. Dubai International Airport is quickly closing in on London’s Heathrow as the world’s busiest airport. And Dubai’s rulers also have a brand new and huge airfield in the wings about 40 miles away. Doha and Abu Dhabi have also extensively expanded their airports as part of the intensifying race for tourism, conferences and transit stops between Europe and Asia. Passenger numbers and routes networks have been growing for years. All three now fly to Washington as well as other U.S. cities. Emirates still remains well in front with more than 40 million passengers last year. (Full disclosure: I am a member of Emirates’s frequent flyer program.) The passenger figures are still behind some big American and European carriers such as Lufthansa Group and U.S. Airways. But that’s not really the point here. The Gulf airlines are doing something else: setting the bar higher for service and amenities. It would take a trip to the moon to go through all the entertainment offerings in economy. First class indulgences keep piling up in a kind of high-end arms race: shower spas, sommeliers, mood lighting, pyjamas designed by Missoni, personal minibars and lounges with -- as Qatar Airways boasts for its -- “an internationally trained mixologist” In classic Gulf style, however, even that’s not enough. Which brings us back to the flying butlers. Etihad is going all "Downton Abbey" in the latest bid to out-pamper the others. Thirteen butlers – 11 men and two women – wrapped up classes this week at the Savoy in etiquette, protocol and valet skills. “A level of service that no traveler has ever experienced in commercial aviation,” said a statement from Aubrey Tiedt, Etihad Airways’ vice president for guest services. The price tag for The Residence is well beyond even the lofty first-class fares. But there’s no shortage of big spenders in the region. Abu Dhabi-based businessman Saeed Abdul Ghafour Khouri once paid more than $14.2 million in an auction for local license plate “1.” 
