 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters held position during fighting against Islamic State militans in Rashad, on the road between Kirkuk and Tikrit, on Thursday. (J.M. Lopez/AFP/Getty Images) As the United States embarks on an open-ended campaign to "degrade and ultimately destroy" the Islamic State, there are pronounced questions as to how that can be achieved. In his Wednesday night speech, President Obama linked planned operations in Iraq and Syria to ongoing campaigns in Yemen and Somalia -- missions he deemed "successful." WorldViews explained why the ongoing U.S. drone wars in Yemen and Somalia are hardly reasons for enthusiasm, especially when taking into account the considerable capabilities of the Islamic State, which eclipse al-Qaeda and its affiliates: The Islamic State commands swaths of territory in Iraq and Syria, is cash rich and very well-armed. In a story published Friday in The Washington Post, my colleagues Greg Miller and Craig Whitlock explored how little positive precedent there is for American efforts to neutralize the Islamic State: Although the conventional wars in Iraq and Afghanistan have essentially concluded, the United States is still battling al-Qaeda affiliates in countries including Pakistan, Somalia and Yemen. None of those groups has been eradicated, or even degraded to a degree that would allow U.S. counterterrorism operations to end. "The only apparent exception to this pattern," suggest Miller and Whitlock, "had been al-Qaeda in Iraq, a group that was seen as virtually dismantled until its reincarnation as the Islamic State." President Obama outlined a four-step plan on combating the threat of the Islamic State. Here are the highlights from his speech. (Nicki DeMarco and Ashleigh Joplin/The Washington Post) That's right: The closest the United States has come to destroying a terrorist organization like the Islamic State was when it subdued the al-Qaeda insurgency that led to its rise. A U.S. counteroffensive in 2008, aided by a coalition of Sunni tribal militias, beat back al-Qaeda in Iraq; Baghdad, for a brief moment, seemed to be showing the political will to better accommodate Iraq's Sunni majority regions. But those gains didn't hold and, in the chaos of Syria's civil war, units that once belonged to al-Qaeda in Iraq reemerged as the Islamic State. The irony is unwelcome for a raft of reasons: The Islamic State is far more powerful than its predecessor, boasting as many as 31,500 fighters, according to new estimates from the CIA. That includes an influx of radicalized European nationals, as well as opportunistic defectors from other Syrian rebel groups. The United States does not have the boots on the ground as it did during its occupation in Iraq; nor is it certain that the Obama administration or the Iraqi government can call on the same Sunni militias that helped first push back al-Qaeda in Iraq. Lastly, the challenge this time requires action in two countries, not one, and it's still unclear how the United States will proceed in taking out the Islamic State's positions in Syria, a country ravaged by a civil war that the Obama administration has tried desperately to avoid. In other words, the best precedent for American action against a terrorist organization is only grounds for pessimism and doubt.
