LONDON -- Christianity is the largest religion in Birmingham so it came as a bit of a surprise to the locals when an expert on Fox News said that the city was off-limits to non-Muslims. Steve Emerson, who describes himself on his Web site as “one of the leading authorities on Islamic extremist networks, financing and operations,” was talking to Fox News in the wake of the terror attacks in France. "In Britain, it's not just no-go zones, there are actual cities like Birmingham that are totally Muslim where non-Muslims just simply don't go in," he told presenter Jeanine Pirro. According to the 2011 Census, 46 percent of Birmingham residents identify as Christian and 22 percent as Muslim. Birmingham is Britain’s second largest city, with a population of just over 1 million. Londoners were also taken aback by his comments about British capital. Emerson said that in areas of London -- he was hazy on where, exactly -- “there are actually Muslim religious police that actually beat and actually wound seriously anyone who doesn't dress according to Muslim, religious Muslim attire." You can check it out here: Cue much hilarity on Twitter. Not for nothing are the British famous for their sense of humor and many jumped on Twitter on Sunday night to ridicule Emerson’s claims using the hashtag #FoxNewsFacts. On Monday morning, it was still trending. Here's a roundup of some favorites: The city is now called Birming because Ham is not halal. #foxnewsfacts — Kamila Shamsie (@kamilashamsie) January 11, 2015 #foxnewsfacts Books are banned by a liberal conspiracy throughout the UK, except for the town of Reading — Alistair Coleman (@scaryduck) January 11, 2015 Radical cleric Mullah Kintyre demands everyone should bow down to Macca to pray five times each day. #foxnewsfacts pic.twitter.com/rkUGhjG2GW — Peter Thompson (@TheRedRag) January 11, 2015 #foxnewsfacts Bath is a city where everyone wears only a towel and a shower cap. It is illegal to leave home without a loofa. — Carol Fry (@CVFry) January 11, 2015 In Britain the weather switches between Sunni and Shi'ite #foxnewsfacts — 가빈 (@blueliberal1) January 11, 2015 Queen of England forced to convert to Islam. Seen here in her hijab. #foxnewsfacts pic.twitter.com/4cCTl0p63O — Anthony Hillman (@axlreznor) January 11, 2015 Birmingham has a chain of fast food restaurants called "Burqa King" #foxnewsfacts — Tom Copley (@tomcopley) January 11, 2015 At a height of 152m, Birmingham's main minaret is the tallest in the world #foxnewsfacts pic.twitter.com/lzLa68aLD5 — BBC Free Speech (@BBCFreeSpeech) January 11, 2015 In Britain, York, Hampshire and Jersey are all named after American States #foxnewsfacts — Larry the Cat (@Number10cat) January 11, 2015 It started in Birmingham in the eighties with bands that radicalised young people like 'Koran Koran' #FoxNewsFacts pic.twitter.com/GtnEFIBoVl — No Comb Rick (@nocombrick) January 11, 2015 If you are a non-muslim and would like to visit Birmingham #illridewithyou #FoxNewsFacts — Rabeb Othmani (@Rabeb_Othmani) January 11, 2015 It's said the name 'One Direction' was chosen by the Muslim group member, Zain Malik, in reference to the Muslim prayer. #FoxNewsFacts — Raz (@raztweets) January 11, 2015 #FoxNewsfacts 2x a year stone circles across Britain, like Avebury & Stonehenge, have to be reset for daylight saving pic.twitter.com/5ShFCH7bww — Grymm Grymmsson (@Grymm23) January 12, 2015 Emerson has since apologized to the “beautiful” city of Birmingham and pledged a donation to the Birmingham Children’s Hospital. My comments on FoxNews about Birmingham were totally inaccurate. Birmingham, please accept my apology; I was wrong. Steve Emerson — InvestigativeProject (@TheIPT) January 12, 2015 
